foreign
hello ladies and gentlemen boys and
girls children of all ages but hopefully
not too young if you're too young ask
Mommy and Daddy for permission before
watching the stream no just don't just
don't go home please please do do not
like
or or do and just to hell with your
parents that's what I always do so we
know James what we know what my filter
is like
these streams never end up getting
monetized anyway it is only by the
amazing people that watch them that we
make any money off of these streams
YouTube pays us nothing what's that
noise that's the air conditioner wow
because it's it's decided that it is
warm
it's kind of warm hi everyone how's the
audio how's the audio we know that
there's audio there's always Gremlins in
our audio it's great the audio Gremlins
is this a new thing uh it's been so long
since I've been on one of these I don't
know it's changed it has you've been
you've been you've been far away in
lands distance from here what's that
yu-yo place
um the Insurrection zone no The Dead
Zone No the the shadow realm
the shadow realm That's The Dead Zone
like uh garlic Jr and Dragon Ball Z
ah Vincent can hear words Vincent can
hear words that's awesome because I'm
saying words which means that they're
probably words that are coming out of my
mouth and bookmark I am not a guy but
thank you for the parental uh
affirmation
hello gay dad so what would you call a
non-gender specific parent parent just
just parent parent that's boring I guess
so
oh God my hair is awful your hair is
fine
it's fine it's going to be word no no
we're not going there what viewer no
we're not going there whoopee word we're
not going there I um
I think Nick triggers like
be or no that's not keep it to yourself
keep it keep it why am I out of focus
because I'm not in the center of the
screen keep it inside
Twila Twilight
Madonna Madonna
dad mom are just labels we can make them
non-gender specific
I am kind of much more mom than Dad
honestly oh
patrons what about patrons
what about patrons
hello to all our lovely patrons who may
or may not be in the chat I'm not sure
if you are yeah
how many of you are in the chat oh 75
lovely
chat numbers uh uh have been down since
summer happened because people go out at
night yeah
Twin Blade a vtuber has made a country
roads parody by replacing the r with an
L Yeah country loads
I I got it but I understand I'm so sorry
that remake when you know Old Town Road
is right there
from what I heard it's a song about
literal bareback sex like I don't know
that's what I heard yeah I haven't
actually listened to the whole song
oh
people go out at night yeah I can't
really actually I've been out at night
rather frequently really recently really
yeah not not like going to parties or
anything but like driving from one place
to another place I I am trying to set
myself a self up in a way where I can
start doing that
yeah you're what'd you call it the other
day your horror phase face era
era error the era which
like I don't think I want to do a lot of
the actual literal sledding but I would
like to figurative slept I know like I'm
going on prep for no other reason than
just in case
honestly I want to do that too because
like I just you know
not even to like have you know sex
without a condom but just like you know
I am someone who frequently bites holes
into their cheek like
not have that going on and as someone
with anxiety disorder like when I talk
to the nurse practitioner having anxiety
was like yep that you're you're good for
prep yeah
yeah thoughts on glamor as some people
think it's bad but it's good it is good
glamorous is fantastic it's another one
of those shows with an almost entirely
queer cast lots of queer characters uh
just so fun it's like Ugly Betty if
everybody was gay
I do have a severe amount of body
dysmorphia that's going on because all
of the guys have amazing bodies and it's
kind of messing with my head and so I
bought an exercise bike last night it'll
be delivered tomorrow because
um
uh body dysmorphia is bad for my credit
card uh but yeah it's a fantastic show I
haven't finished watching the season yet
there's an entire industry built off of
that this is true but I have three
episodes left to go
um
and all I can say is I forget his name
is it Ben he's the nerdy guy that Marco
keeps kind of flaking on yeah and uh Ben
deserves better and Ben deserves me I
would be a great boyfriend for Ben and I
would smile at him wearing his Star Trek
ensigns uniform
uh instead of like looking at him weird
so
who does that seriously Big Bang Theory
came out like 20 years ago
[Laughter]
the only thing I saw from glamorous was
Zayn Ethan
gifts I can never remember who Zane
Ethan is is he the jacked Blonde one or
is that I don't know
would that Femme character
would want another well no he's like
bouncing between jacked Jim Bunny and
sweetheart nerd and I'm like drop the
gym bunny you freaking
did you hear about the controversy
around making of across the spider verse
I have who was the controversy
um crunch basically
um and they've said that they're
delaying the sequel so that it can that
won't happen so controversy averted or
at least dealt with it's nice that they
dealt with it instead of just being like
Target
sorry what instead of rock starring it
yeah yeah
or uh CDE product Reddit reading it
James James love Zane Phillips but
definitely lusting after Michael Sue who
plays Ben yeah he's uh I don't
know Zane Phillips he's too he looks too
perfect let me look him up on the
Internet I'll show you what he likes
computer okay fine
Nick has a computer everybody
he does look too perfect
he does boring way I know and his
character is actually really nice like
he starts off as a jackass this is the
thing where it's like okay you look like
the most typical version of attractive
in the world yeah like he's he's the one
I told you he does like squats and
push-ups in his office I wouldn't kick
him out of bed but at the same time he's
good I wouldn't kick him I wouldn't came
out of bed but he's gonna have to earn a
second date
like that's gonna have to be personality
oddly I like his personality more than
his body well then that's good for me
he's handsome like he's handsome like if
he could just have a normal body that
didn't look right have you seen these
videos of these girls going around like
would you rate me like write me on a
scale oh
foreign
We're Off to the Races ladies and
gentlemen
yeah there's a video of the girls went
around saying uh would you rate me to
like with a t rate to a bigger taller
God a taller bigger very clearly nerdy
guy and he's like uh a one and she's
like what why it's like because you're
because you're ordinary I've seen that
yeah I I you know it's like
oh your camera fell down oh no I think
your lens is too heavy or you need to
tighten it more oh it's falling yeah
you're about to get a crotch shot ladies
oh no it's blurring out with the
darkness because of the light how the
gods have failed you all okay
same Phillips current boyfriend used to
be Richard Madden's roommate big big
quotation marks there do I need to fix
your camera
laughs
it's a smaller lens I I wanna I wanna
buy so many things I want to buy
something so many messages
I just want to basically go through the
Rokinon website and just buy everything
masterful Fade Out by Nick
I we should try and get everyone to
sponsor us
we use their lenses I don't I use Sony
lenses well when we're not using
specifically that the Sony lens that you
have like you have been using broken on
lenses lenses are broken on yeah
glad I'm not the only one who didn't
hear him say rate exactly thank you and
I'm in the room
I'm actually happy for Zayn's boyfriend
because it being true or not people were
speculating about him and Madden for
years now yeah I'm glad that he can have
a boyfriend that's actually out
we were just talking about
me like on the car right over here yeah
about
um one who shall not be named several
closet several closeted uh Hollywood
celebrities who it's like it's a
well-known secret yeah they basically
have to stay in the closet for the sake
of posturing and we're not gonna out
them now because you know they one of
them nearly lost their their whole
career and they're only just getting it
back so and I would like to you know
marry him someday he's also just a very
talented professional actor and really
sweet and personal so I don't want
anyone on his parade no James
do you know any Kravitz
the controversy with Zoe Kravitz during
the time of The Dark Knight Rise of the
uh her Catwoman woman role in the Batman
there is a big controversy calling her a
groomer do you want to know why why
because she was Jaden Smith's babysitter
oh for God's sake and she said the words
I'm in love with this kid oh for God's
sake so like for any gay person watching
that they're like yes I have experienced
that I have had so many straight women
say I'm in love with him like older like
sugar older women like in in a very very
clear like this child literally means
everything this child is adorable yeah
it's a common thing for straight women
older straight women to kind of latch
onto that especially when you are at a
younger age like older teenage women is
going to be like that is the most
fabulous child in the world but yeah
so like that's not abnormal I just felt
bad about that
oh a kravit is a predecessor to the tie
I don't think I have one
how's the air quality in Canada like a
necktie yeah
apparently the air quality is very
shitty uh it looked shitty today but it
didn't smell shitty which is better than
the last time it was shitty where I
couldn't go outside
there are some gay uh the content in
Final Fantasy 16. I've seen videos but I
haven't gotten there yet because have
you got it yeah is it good it's fun it's
where I'm at right now it's still very
um okay here's about it seems like it's
still kind of in the tutorial section
how do you spell Kravitz I'm trying to
figure out what a character looks like
characters
hey Nick just wanted to say that I
finished gentlemen's club I really
enjoyed it I really appreciated the
trans mask rep
s
you're so grateful they were originally
worn by Croatian mercenaries and became
popular in Europe in the 17th century
how did we get on that through several
different lines of conversation we're
always in several different lines of
conversation
and I am expected to keep up with all of
you
it is an unambiguously gay content uh
yes it is unambiguously gay content
basically everybody wants to
everybody in in Final Fantasy 16 yes
okay I can get on board for that
I thought because you could have been
talking about glamorous you could have
also been talking about my book and the
same content the same rule applies to
all of these things I might have this
camera with its with its zooming
and it's not zooming and it's not doing
as I tell it
are the glasses blue or is it just the
light Reflections
in the middle though
yeah they are
is there a way to read it in Europe
um the book yes there is any M you can
buy it at any Amazon and other places
most book reads you can get it from most
major book resellers as well as you can
order it through virtually any bookstore
there's actually a link in the
description you can go there and it will
probably take you to the right Amazon
page I believe
I believe
um I'm actually I would like to get into
Final Fantasy the new one specifically
because I want to support a game a game
that's actually developing queer
characters like we've been clamoring for
that so it's good to represent that if
it's how if it's true I don't know if
the main character is queer from what
I've heard the main characters kind of
sex neutral
they're kind of they don't really have a
love interest from what I've heard I
love his dog but like virtually everyone
around him is horny
um I haven't gone to any of the horny
people yet I'm like I said I'm pretty
sure I'm still in the tutorial phase
well Raphael why would um
why why specifically even publisher
don't touch Amazon doesn't have it yet
James got a new
oh I think
um
amazon.de is one of the ones that has a
weird tax thing and so we couldn't get
it there one of them no um there were
three a German friend did Judge dot e e
d e is a German one
okay uh the German one I know it can
sell in Germany because we've uh
uh through my own label
um
I'm fancy like that uh not really but uh
you should be able to get it in Brazil
through Amazon
yeah you can get it everywhere except
through Amazon everywhere except I think
Japan
uh and two other places there's three
countries that we couldn't do it through
because
of stupid uh tax tariff nonsense stuff
excuse me oh I'm talking about
translations yeah that's something I've
had a few people offer to kind of
translate specifically into Spanish and
I would really like that but I also do
not know the logistics behind that like
how much I would fairly need to pay
people right what that means
um so that's why I haven't really gone
deep into that
can't really talk more about the gay
caught in Final Fantasy 16 without
spoilers Okay so
there is impact game content in Final
Fantasy 16 though it was like me asking
like is there gay content in succession
people are like well I'm like just do
guys well no okay thank you yes or
no please like but they're they're
basically a bunch of drag queens I'm
like all right well I'll check it out
then and they were all a bunch of drag
queens you watched the session it's so
good you told me how it ended that makes
me want to watch it more you're so good
it is oh it's fantastic I don't think
Luca would be speaking Portuguese right
now this is a tangent uh Lucas speaks
like two dozen languages
um
and Taylor it translation or a
translation is super complicated because
it's not just about translating the
words because you have to localize it
um and that's why it's definitely done
through publishing houses and why it's a
big deal when a book gets translated
because it means it's been localized for
to match not only the kind of culture
that's existing but the the same kind of
linguistic tone yeah
where's my button there it is
um clearly beloved on succession I was
very much team shiv uh and shiv kinda
won in the end
um because of Tom
so I won
James have you seen the new season of
The Witcher yet no I haven't even
finished why I haven't watched season
two I lost interest in it
um
yeah it won't be won't be watching it
yes team shift yes she should have been
she she's as close to CEO as any of them
and you know she's One Heartbeat Away
from becoming CEO basically she just has
to have one dead husband yeah she just
needs one dead husband although I feel
like her husband needs to start
uh oh oh God damn it I forget his name
but you you know who I'm talking about
um cousin Greg cousin Greg James the new
actor for James T Kirk supports spark
spark Kirk and Spock they cast another
Captain Kirk Jesus Christ again Star
Trek and Chris Pratt uh Chris Park Chris
Pine was fine in that role
um I think about Chris Pine is that I
don't think like uh I say about Jamie
Lee Curtis he's not a leading man he's
he's a better supporting actor than he
is a leading actor
yeah
um and I wish that the stigma would be
removed from that because you can be
sometimes being a great supporting actor
is better than being an okay leading
actor hmm
isn't the guy who plays the patriarch on
succession anti-queer conservative or
something maybe I can't say for sure I
don't know the dude I know that he
played a pedophile in a movie with
um Pop
um The Riddler
oh that movie made me feel so greasy um
I had a huge crush on Paul Dano yeah
like I just yeah I have a question about
patreon goals it's the supernatural
video you mentioned in the announcement
video is still happening someday it will
um
someday well it's uh it's one of these
floating goals that we have
um there's a couple of floating goals
that will happen at some point I'm just
not sure when because we have some
locked in goals that we have to do we
have to do the Sandman video we have to
do the Revolutionary girl Lieutenant
video we've got some Patron requests
such as uh camp camp and
disco Elysium
for disleasing for playing it we could
play it in a let's play yeah I wanted to
do that yeah
um and wait what's the other
um uh oh uh Evangelion we have an
Evangelion video that we have to we have
a lot to do well the supernatural video
and that those those videos are aside
from the normal YouTube videos we're
doing
what would the supernatural honestly we
could include Supernatural in the
discussion about head Canon
head Cannon we could yes all right
Supernatural video coming in the fall
here we go confirmed you can hold us to
that
by the way there won't be a whole lot
about supernatural because there's not a
whole lot too Supernatural but oh God
what's the Disco Elysium controversy I
think it's about the sequel the develop
the lead writer or developer from the
first one was not brought back on for
the second one in fact I think it was
kicked off
a very Wonder Woman 1984 of them had did
they not learn did they not see what
happens when you abandon the writer
uh that seems to be a trend these days
James you get some male queer content in
this season of The Witcher does it
involve Henry Cavill or the dude that
replaced him yeah it's true no he hasn't
been replaced yet oh really I thought
that he was I thought that was no it's
next season oh okay
I haven't watched pneumonia yet uh I
think Ramona just came out today I do
plan on watching it though it looks
really fun
it might get added to our magical
lesbian
video you ask here
is confirmed by in season three oh good
for him good for yes here I uh I've been
doing that lately every time I find out
like an actor is gay like the guy on
um uh the show that I was talking about
what was it what was it fabulous
gorgeous
glamorous glamorous
um
the guy on glamorous who plays like the
gym bunny gay I was like oh he's
definitely straight and then I Googled
him and he's not he's actually gay and I
was like oh goodness we had this that's
like my response now we also kind of had
this discussion in the car a little bit
too about how
um like I I mentioned the idea of
synchronity within queer acting or
within gay roles and gay actors
because the the discussion that caught
frequently comes up on the stream
specifically is can a Street character
play a gay character yeah and my
response to that is it's very
conditional
um there's a way I think there's it's
okay to get grandfathered in if you're
like Stanley chuchi or are we talking
about Martin Sheen yeah um if you played
gay characters essentially before it was
cool
um and you kind of you know wanted these
roles and went after these roles at a
point when uh queer people were still
being persecuted that's that I see that
as a way of raising awareness and
normalizing these identities uh but
there's also a point now where that
can't take over because that can't take
over because um then you just have
straight characters playing gay
characters to win Awards yeah while gay
actors have to stay in the closet so and
we talked about if you there's an
alternate where you come up as a gay
actor at which point there's a glass
ceiling and that's the Murphy verse
um you basically get to be in a Ryan
Murphy we're gonna fix that with Telos
because we are absolutely going to lap
Ryan Murphy yeah
it's gonna happen so
um I I feel like at the point when gay
actors are allowed to be openly gay
without having the career tanked
um and having the same opportunities as
straight actors I I think at that point
we can start having straight people play
gay characters and not be fine take away
TD and Rhys Darby have accents they get
a pass
why what did they do
our flag means death right right right
yeah and yeah a gym bunny is someone who
goes to the gym all the time in this
character
um is literally always going or coming
from the gym
which I think is kind of the show it's
very camp and I think it's very much a
commentary on those types of people like
there he's literally only ever seen at
or leaving or going to the gym
I think it's okay uh but really I think
that when we're talking about gay
stories and like gay movies and whatever
I I think it's more important to have
queer people behind the camera and in
development yeah I don't care who's like
my the way I look at it trans characters
should only be played by trans actors or
actresses but as far as gay characters
by character straight characters I don't
give a as long as the writer and
director are gay or you know lesbian by
whatever whatever
or if there's a queer producer like
someone I know the writer or the
director there needs to be someone who's
like some someone with their hand on the
wheel who can turn steer their ship in
terms of the right gay directions it's a
really good documentary oh The Rock
Hudson documentary is out I haven't seen
I haven't seen it yet but I knew it was
coming out because again
um pride month so of course at the end
of the loop when are we going to see
content from Telos again this fall we
finally come to the final conclusions
about stuff which sounds really dour
finally conclusions but um yeah we're
gonna there's gonna be some stuff the
plan is that the backers will get at
least an initial edit by Christmas as
sort of a Christmas gift and um
it might be uh next year before anyone
else sees it and we're gonna see like
does it go are we gonna put it on
YouTube like as a rental thing are we
going to send it out to film festivals
what's gonna happen but yeah uh by the
end of the year there's going to be a
feature length queer inclusive lead
movie from Telos and
um I hope you like psychological
thrillers
I don't worry about not being able to
get through the book it's you know
notebook is for every one person I got a
lot of feedback there just doesn't click
with a lot of people and I'm fine with
that I think it clicks with the kind
with enough people that I'm comfortable
with so it's I I love that you tried
thank you very much but you know you
don't have to feel bad about it
because the new Superman has kissed boys
but he is straight but he has played
lots of gay and bisexual characters
um or in the words The Immortal words of
Tom Hardy I'm a Hollywood actor of
course I've slept with men yeah
and it's like oh they found the straight
version of Henry Cavill good for you
okay that's just a garbage can I'd love
to see Productions say we commit to 20
queer cast and crew no names but that
amount of people you know what maybe
that's what Tello should do uh I would I
would go higher than that though for
Telos I would say 50 just like cross the
board 50 of the Caster crew are gay or
queer and we're not going to tell you
who because we don't find a place for my
stickers oh it's more extra stickers
yeah where they're hiding yeah no one
can see them and know you're a slot
except for airport security when they
take my laptop
well then they can take you away for a
cavity circuit so you really want to get
into it
the new uh Superman is David Koren sweat
who looks exactly like you would think
Superman looks I need to check this out
except he is
um skinnier than what a lot of people
think Superman looks like and he would
make a fantastic Superman next to uh
battenson Robert Pattinson's Batman but
because Warner Brothers
Henry Cavill and
um Robert Stark
he is he is Richard Madden yeah Richard
Madden
and also that other guy that I mentioned
Oppenheimer actor Killian Murphy Killian
Murphy's waist grow on here look at his
eyes look at his eyes oh yeah the eyes I
see it
he's in parole too so like just a
combination of three British he was also
in uh Hollywood he was really good in
Hollywood I really liked him in
Hollywood I I so many people Hollywood
was another thing that was almost
entirely gay and people were like this
is a terrible show I'm like you shut up
stop stop lambasting everything that's
queer straight people routinely give bad
reviews to query things where it's not
all about queer suffering and pathos
like I'm over it we can't trust people
unless it's Bros
that wasn't queer people suffering that
was queer people inflicting suffering
it was queer people suffering because I
was suffering when I was
watching it
it's so weird that that movie got like
glowing reviews from like critics
everywhere and like every gay person was
like this is Washington was completely
just over it like
Killian Murphy looks like
he's Irish
can you give examples I need more stuff
to add to my watch list eggs
um examples of what Rosie Scottish I
don't know
I think Hollywood needs
Hollywood needs to be oh the show
Hollywood I was hoping for I was really
hoping for a second season but of course
it got canceled because it's gay skinny
guy guys are so hot We Stand Morpheus
from the Sandman so some angles of
Morpheus from the Sandman I'm like he is
gorgeous okay and then some angles I'm
like I'll tell you why they did that um
they did that absolutely on purpose and
exasperated with the lighting because
dream is dualistic he is you know
benevolent at the same time as he is you
know a tyrannical uh because he's he's
you know you're the best the best dreams
of your life versus the most terrifying
nightmares so they wanted to go with an
actor whose face could project both
and be both like sort of like there are
some angles that are completely just
inhumanly hideous and others where he's
like the most gorgeous person on the
planet oh Cora if Sandman had been
animated I would have finished watching
it
I feel so bad that you didn't like it
it's not that I didn't like it I did
like it it's just that halfway through
the season it was like and it's over oh
no there's five more episodes left and I
was and I didn't feel then and I knew so
many people had told me oh those second
like that second group is so sad I was
like I just want to get sad it's not sad
though I I I would combat that there it
it is that they've made them cry and
stuff I cry enough
it's it's so incredibly first of all the
second half has a better Arc to it it's
the second Arc of the Sandman Series so
it it has a more through line plot to it
and I think that it holds better than
the uh comic comic books the second
second half of it but um so like I would
give the second half onward a try you
don't even need the first half just
it you don't need it
can't watch slow shows see I'm fine I
can watch
excuse me I can watch any kind of show
um like with Sandman it wasn't that I
found it slow or boring or anything like
that it was that it's it came to an end
like the plot ended halfway through and
it actually did because that's the first
volume of the comics
um and so the plot ended but there was
more and I was like oh I'm not ready to
jump into the next bit of it but I am
gonna I'm gonna finish watching it
because we do have a Sandman video well
Sandman inclusive video coming for
patrons this summer oh yeah because like
that deals with Sandman and good Omens
yeah I I definitely think that it was
this it was Miss it should have been two
different seasons honestly it should
have been like two mini Seasons yeah
like what they did with with stranger
things they should have released them
like a month apart or something like
that it would have kept it in the
conversation longer
frankly Sandman was a breath of fresh
air after tiring myself out for so many
fast-paced Marvel shows yes oh I don't
watch Marvel anymore
like watching Sandman where the
characters just got to have
conversations for like an entire episode
TV shows don't do that anymore it's like
the whole episode of Breaking Bad where
they're just trying to swat a fly and
it's considered the best episode of the
whole series and has nothing to do with
anything else
I even found that Arcane went a little
bit fast
um yeah I would have liked okay
characters that I specifically didn't
like because they didn't get developed
enough and their development had to
basically been solved with ah it's fine
synchronity I'm not going to talk about
it loved your loved the new video need
to see angels in America hated rent
although you're finished now the work
begins was kind of ominous oh that's
that's actually the last line of Angels
in America yeah it's not ominous it's
it's hopeful it's it's hopeful because
well some work needs to begin because
the Supreme Court just shipped the bed
and France is on fire
um and we need to be more like France we
need to be more like friends I'm just
saying James new name for your list new
name for my list your lust my lust Your
Lust Shabu marut
let's see what does shaboot my root look
like
I don't a lot of people are kind of he
kind of looks like Brandon Rogers a
little bit yeah a lot of people are
trying to like sort of say like oh
what's the reason for this like short
attention spans or the acceleration of
media like you mentioned like a lot of
people are willing to want to throw
blame on one thing or another thing I
think it's just a conflation of reasons
that are kind of
um exasperating
exasperating in this kind of you know
Perfect Storm of crap media that's
coming out money because the reason why
like we can blame Tech talk and say tick
tock is the reason why people talk at
all I play money but like it's cheaper
to produce a shorter season not just
that but like okay if Tick Tock is the
reason for why is there the sole reason
for why media is becoming shorter for
why people left for an attention spans
what out Vine
was a decade Divine was a huge deal and
it had even greater time constraints
than Tick Tock did
um I I think it's the reason why Tick
Tock is successful I I think it's a
symptom not a Cause
yeah like shows started to get shorter
they went from like 22 to 28 episode
Seasons down to like 13 episode Seasons
that happened in the early 2000s but
that also happened when shows were
putting much more content into those 13
episodes they're like okay let's take
well there was no more like Filler
episodes but like that happened in the
early 2000s and people were complaining
that they weren't getting as much uh 26
in the city I think was an example of
that
um No Sex in the City was pretty much
consistently 18 episodes except for
season five because uh she got pregnant
um but The Sopranos was like I think 13
episodes every season
um and uh it was just that's the way it
went queers folk started out as 20
episode 22 Episodes and then eventually
ended up at 12 episodes uh by the end
because that's just what TV shows were
doing
um and it's because it's much cheaper to
produce a shorter season it's cheaper to
produce multiple short shows than
a cup that hopefully one of them Hits
Huge than producing a couple of giant
shows and then if none of them hit huge
you're just dead you're screwed well
yeah it's hedging your bats but also
like I think that playing with that
format and using those 13 episodes to
just make that content much better and
put more work and Care into that whereas
I find when it comes to like 26 episode
Seasons they drag on for a long a while
uh Theo as the first season of Sex in
the City had 12 episodes
uh there was two uh season one had 12
then 18 18.
8 20.
I am king of Sex in the City trivia it's
true
um season six episode two
season six episode two the real me
and what happened in it
um Carrie was invited to be a real
person model on a Runway oh I like that
one I know that season four episode two
season six episode episode two
oh shoot season six episode two
oh I'm blanking so no season six episode
two
um
season six
to Market to Market is that what it's
called Uh no that's episode that's
episode one yeah
I can't remember what episode two
is uh called Great's expectations oh
that's the one where her and burger
start having sex and it sucks and
they're having sex and they can hear the
dumpster the dump truck outside but like
picking up the garbage leaving with the
garbage
um yeah
he's usually good for that
have you been watching and just like
that season two it's a bit it's episode
three was good episode three was good I
will give it that season one and two or
episode one and two or a bit but episode
three works I liked episode three
they're they're on the they're on the
track again
done a lot of shows have a short first
season and then longer ones if they did
well uh they usually sitcoms usually
started with like big Seasons but uh
some shows
um
did kind of Follow that that uh
kind of give me the chocolate chocolate
give me chocolate thank you
do kids nowadays only care about special
effects and sensory spectacle I don't
think so no I don't think they do I
don't think so they're they're getting
just as Fed Up of sensory spectacle as
everyone else yeah if you want to know
who the sensory spectacle is geared
towards it's honestly middle-aged
millennials
uh people who are kind of transferred I
don't care gets slapped around by the
Russian I didn't forget that she gets I
know exactly the kind that appeals to
and they're the kinds that will look at
me and said have you seen the new Black
Panther movie I'm like yeah
um he's like should I watch it I'm like
honestly there's nothing really that
special there except for some
performances like you know it's not as
good as the first one and it'll be like
yeah but should I see it and I'm like I
literally just answered that but yeah
should I see it and it's like you get to
the point where it's like is there
anything in this movie that'll play out
in later Marvel movies that I should see
now in this movie so I know what's going
on I'm like yes absolutely yeah that's
that's what it's doing so it's people
who just want that kind of the turn your
brain off
without turning your brain off uh they
want to think that they're thinking uh
no we haven't watched any more of camp
Camp yet it's been we're very been very
very busy moved twice yeah last month
yeah it's been a busy busy busy time
um but now we've got the summer and so
stuff will actually
will uh get to to relaxing things I'm
gonna tell you something controversial
I actually like Curry Bradshaw
I mean I would be friends with Carrie I
wouldn't date her no like if I
was a straight man I would not go within
10 feet of her and the reasons that I
like Carrie Bradshaw are because of
subtext
um she will and I think she in her
because the show's framing devices she's
narrating her life yeah I think that she
has
mental health problems
and she she has narcissistic
personalities no she paints such a
Negative depiction of herself
that's what I mean like I think she over
ruminates on her narcissism and thinks
that makes her a terrible person yeah so
I think she frames herself as being Much
More Much More negative than I think she
actually is yeah whereas when she's
talking about any one of her friends
it's nothing but glowing uh devotions uh
she loves these people so much and is
willing to and is only willing to depict
the the most positive side of them
uh Raphael I did read the first uh book
of The Carrie Diaries but it was so
incredibly baby's first y a that I
um gave up on it my mom my mom read them
all though and they're not like Canon
for Carrie's history at all which is why
one of the reasons I stopped reading
because they interfered with what she
had said on the show about her youth
Marvel at least has tried to keep their
movies tied together dude you know what
honestly I prefer how you know I would
prefer Superman and and Batman have
nothing to do with each other
than the mess that's going on with
marble right now yeah
James when will the vampire genre come
out of the coffin again when I bring it
out
I don't think it's I don't think
it's the gayest
gayest television we've also got our
vampire idea plant vampire idea
I'm gonna strike that as a short story
as a novella though before we go ahead
with that
okay wait I said read I meant watch oh
uh no I didn't watch any of the show
they were based on uh they were CW shows
which immediately just no
um but they were um based on the I think
a Trilogy of books came out that Candace
Bushnell wrote because
uh why a pays well
especially when you're writing for girls
yeah what we do in the shadows is also
like super gay I feel like vampires are
just getting gayer
has anyone seen the new trailer for the
season four five season five of what we
do in the shadows
I'm looking so much forward to it
because season I I didn't dislike season
four but I also felt like it was a bit
of a downer
okay we're just gonna be sad everyone
was kind of like really depressed but
like season five looks like it's going
crazy again
you should adapt the Sarah J Maas books
um we don't have the money for that all
right let me what are they they're um
like fantasy books
um I I I I I can't I don't think I've
read any of them actually uh but I know
it would be expensive as hell to make
them
if you ever find it hard to invest in
lgbtq Plus shows because of that feeling
in the back of your head that it's going
to end up being
brigaded and will most likely be
canceled or dropped
um
no I I a lot of shows on Netflix I will
avoid uh whether they're straight or gay
because Netflix has a horrible habit of
canceling things prematurely
um although they are apparently changing
that now they're giving shows longer to
kind of like find their legs before they
cancel or not
um
the thing that frustrates me about
watching gay shows is is when the gay is
ourselves start fighting over whether
it's good representation or not because
it has a femme character or it has too
many trans characters or it has you know
a a
whatever and that that just irritates
the hell out of me because gays are so
annoying it's like complaining about um
the bird cage and saying that bird cage
is horribly offensive because Nathan
lays plays an incredibly harmful
stereotype of an effeminate man because
you
and it's like Nathan Lane the one gay
actor on that show on that movie yeah
plays the feminate character who's
actually the got the balls of steel
there like he's the one who shows up at
the end and kind of saves the day yeah
somewhat
and yes I have been sleeping not been
sleeping well lately I think it's been
allergies I've started to take my
Claritin again
oh is Netflix actually bringing back
sense8 holy
no no they said Netflix bring back
sense8 now oh okay
minor communities
fight over representation when the
options are limited and everyone wants
their fair share of every single piece
of media which is something I can say
for
um glamorous is that pretty much
everyone's included I don't think
there's a trans character but there is
non-binary character there's gay
characters there's lesbian characters
there's bisexual characters there's fem
gaze there's Mass gaze there's everybody
almost everybody across the rainbow I'm
waiting for an actual trans character to
show up
um
maybe in season two because apparently
the show is doing well and there will
likely be a season two fingers crossed I
won a season two someone awesome I have
in fact played Spirit fair and I feel
like the only person on the planet that
didn't like it
sense8 was also pretty I tried watching
sense8 and I couldn't get past the first
episode I thought it was so boring yeah
I'm sorry I know lots of people love it
I thought it was so boring I was
watching it for Daryl Hannah but Daryl
Hannah was Dale Hannah and Sensei yeah
oh
Warrior none did get saved though yeah I
did see that that got renewed
I uh I specifically have learned to kind
of avoid queer animation it seems to be
canceled more often than live action
queer stuff
um especially if it's done with if it
has anything to do with Disney don't
even bother
which I don't understand why so many
queer creators will flock to Disney for
like maybe they just get turned down by
Nickelodeon like but then again like we
talked about you can produce this stuff
online and turn great numbers yeah hell
of a boss is a thing uh and has been
hotel is a thing and they are hugely
successful and uh no well with with
um has been Hotel there is a studio
behind it yeah the a24 yeah but like the
animation quality in hell of a boss in
terms of just how choppy it is wasn't
that much worse than Owl House season
one
sorry what the smoothness of animation
and hell of a boss wasn't that much
rougher than the first season of all
house like no not at all
how expensive to produce movies that
depends on the movie
yeah
um we're gonna be producing movies in
the 20 000 range which is considered the
it's literally the cash on hand in case
somebody needs Gatorade on any given day
on an actual movie Set it's far below
the average craft food budget per day
like our budget for the whole movie is a
day's food Budget on a on a big on a
typical Hollywood movie not even a big
one typical
um I haven't even watched the third
season of Al house
I watched the first episode and then I
found out that they confirmed Hunter as
straight and I gave up
um but uh but some movies like you can
do movies at a super low budget now
because you don't need to pay for film
stock you can do movies in the 10 to 25
000 range and they can actually be
really really well made
um and then there's movies that are 300
million dollars and I want to like shank
the producers and just say like what
what what what
conceptualize you because here's here's
a little bit of movie math okay a movie
makes needs to make twice as much money
as it costs okay a movie a movie needs
to make twice as much money as it costs
to produce to make a budget because half
of the money goes to the theaters in
which it is screened so if a movie costs
200 million dollars to make it needs to
make 400 million before it can break
even but advertising movies that are
that big usually have a hundred million
dollars in advertising so if a movie
costs 200 million dollars to make it
costs it actually needs to make 600
million dollars back to start turning a
profit
some movies released recently have cost
300 million dollars to make plus a
hundred million dollars in advertising
which means they need to make 800
million dollars before they can even
come close to profitability which
basically means they need to be billion
dollar movies before they can be
successes this is the new Indiana Jones
movie
uh this is the uh The Flash and I'm like
this is fiscal just irresponsibility it
is ridiculous it is stupid it is so bad
I'm just like Hollywood this was this
happened in the 50s and 60s Hollywood
got so big and the bubble burst and then
movies got real small real fast and
that's what's gonna happen again The
Little Mermaid too yes The Little
Mermaid was the same thing
and like all the they they got real used
to these billion dollar movies and the
pandemic happened and people stopped
just going to the movies constantly and
yeah
Avatar's a bit of a different situation
because Avatar actually made its money
packs somehow never bet against James
Cameron James Cameron's movies will make
their money back
how about a hundred movies at 8 million
dollars each that's that's kind of the
way that bloom house Works Bloom house
will spend like half a million dollars
on a movie and then release it and
around Halloween make their match back
sometimes they'll spend a million
dollars on a movie and then just shelve
it not do anything with it and then one
of the actors ends up in a big project
suddenly they become a movie star and
they're like huh we have a movie with
that guy and they'll release it and it
works well bloomhouse has been making a
ton of money and if anyone knows anyone
who works at Bloom house I would really
like to work with you I love horror
movies and I would love to make a horror
movie with you
please
do you think it's better for lgbtq plus
creators to just go Indie and create
lgbtq Plus movies uh that's really the
only way to do it Studios almost never
do queer movies Nick
yeah go for it
something like that that happened with
Mandy Moore in her shark movie getting a
wide release after this is us all right
I forgot about that movie
sorry to go with the original la casa is
on oh have fun
I'm not gay am I allowed in chat I want
to make sure I'm invited you're invited
you're allowed
have you heard about the Cabaret Musical
cast with Eddie Redmayne that's in
London I think isn't it
uh I looked up Mark packin I forgot to
uh say anything about him
um my first kind of like impression was
just like
liking his like curly hair
who
oh just a boy
one time on stream I could drink one of
those
um uh weed pops
and they'll just get stoned off of
drinkables on on stream drinkables and
it's legal because it's legal here
yeah it's legal in Canada in
Canada
nobody else is legal in Canada
well it's illegal to fire someone for
being gay but it's legal to do that in
America again because the Supreme Court
is backwards did they actually strike
that down
indeed they did they did that today
congratulations America they're on a
rampage what is the most beautiful actor
you've seen in person I haven't seen a
whole lot of actors in person uh fun
fact I am within six degrees of Kevin
Spacey
Kevin Spacey no calling Kevin Spacey too
but uh Kevin Bacon Kevin Bacon
people want to be in six years
James look at the cast of CR tell us
what you think what is CR I don't know
what CR is
uh James will your Telos movies be in
theaters here's hoping probably not the
first one
um but hopefully eventually the the hope
for the first one the goal is to either
get it into
um
uh critical role in CR to get okay uh to
get it into
um film festivals
uh or to put it up for sale on like
iTunes and uh YouTube and stuff like
that for like two bucks
I hate being American desperately want
to move elsewhere ashamed to say I'm
from here I'm ashamed to say that I
desperately wanted to move to America
when I was a teenager don't you still
want to move to California California
isn't America
I saw something I'll adjust my camera in
a second and I and I I I want to move to
California because that's where movies
are made that's where Hollywood is
that's where I need to be to be
successful properly but you know if I
can make Telos work I don't need to be
there and then I don't have to move to
America so let's make it happen girl
term in the Urban Dictionary called
affirican and then I saw that yeah I
shared it with you yeah yeah and it's
the process of which Americans do not
realize how conditioned they are to just
be terrified and he talked about an
instance about how he was in a bar with
his American friend with two American
people that they met who were in a um a
hostel
and they situated themselves
specifically so they could view the
exits so that their backs were yeah to
the to walls so they could see where
people were coming and leaving
um a car went off like a muffler kind of
banged the car backfire backfired and um
they were visibly shaken and everyone
was like yeah this is fine but the
Americans were like oh my God shoot
match like public shooting
um so like and he said that throughout
the rest next few years he documented a
few other instances the way this that
Americans kind of just conditioned
themselves passively to be afraid
and I kind of have an American friend
who lives in Maryland which by no
accounts is that high-risk state but I
sort of brought that Maryland
yeah really yes well then
um
parts of Maryland
well you know Hannibal Lecter lives
there
um
uh and I sort of said like do you feel
like this he's like no not really and
then he thought for a second but I did
go to a pride festival with an escape
plan in mind so yeah like I've never
gone anywhere with an escape plan in
mind I maybe should have because
sometimes I just want to leave well
especially but it's less about it's more
inconvenient than it is like dangerous I
haven't heard about what's been
happening at certain Pride festivals
especially like in Canada over the last
few years I felt like maybe I should go
into this with like okay whatever brawl
starts uh but not like a shooting like
yeah and when we went to Pride last
weekend it was like other than lots of
people being there it was the chillest
thing there was nobody there causing
trouble no
um
Nick's never heard of Baltimore yeah
oh
thoughts on the Donald Trump situation
he's going to jail
I am 100 sure he's going to jail just
like I was like really sure he was
probably gonna get uh nominated or he
was probably gonna get the Republican
nomination in 2016 and then if they
nominated Hillary he would lose or he
would win uh pretty 100 sure he going to
jail
he may run for president from jail and
he may be elected president from jail
and pardoned himself but because he's
going to jail that is 100 possible
because the Supreme Court was waiting
for the last day of pride month that
ruling
well at least they gave us one more
pride month
if the Canada fires weren't going on I'd
move there well there's lots of fires in
the U.S too don't throw stones in glass
houses there yeah like California is on
fire more often than it's not
I won't be surprised if he still doesn't
go to jail after all the junkies gotten
away with the thing is he will go to
jail the the only way he won't go to
jail is if the judge slash
um jury is worried about riots happening
for him going to jail
because they will
and you can't trust the police to take
care of it because the police are with
him so yeah because he spent the last
eight years establishing with his base
and it's interest too that the Democrats
are corrupt and specifically out to get
him yeah
I sleep alone in Mountain Lion Country
sometimes I'm more scared of my job at a
fast food restaurant
I wouldn't be afraid of mountain lions
but I I have no fear complex with large
animals because I have kind of I've
talked to people and they're like you
know wolves
are just dogs it's just you know if
they're hungry yeah a dog will bite you
the same it will it's it's like lions
lions and tigers are just cats they act
just like cats the only difference is
they're 500 pound cats well lions in the
wild will not attack humans
um if their pride has unless their pride
has a memory of humans harming them yeah
but like what they were explaining was
like a lion or a cat will do a lion or a
tiger will do the exact same things that
a house cat does exact same attack
motions all of it exact same the only
difference is they're 600 pounds so
they're just acting like your cat it's
not that they are more dangerous that
they want to kill you more than your cat
does it's just that your cat is less
likely to pull out I remember I saw like
bears are the things that especially
like uh not here because black bears are
you know very passive they run away
grizzly bears too I think no grizzly
bears are not chill uh I thought brown
bears were the freak they were the
terrifying ones I thought they were the
same thing and Canada brown bears are if
you move to Los Angeles there are
mountain lions and coyotes I love
Coyotes I grew up around coyotes
mountain lions um I actually saw one
there was a cougar kind of pushing a
hiker and it was a video a guy a guy was
taking as he was walking backwards kind
of filming this cougar was stalking him
and kind of growling and he was like oh
my God I felt so scared and someone
commented like no you shouldn't have
felt scared that thing was trying to get
you out of its territory yeah if it
wanted you dead you would have never
seen it yeah
polar bear yeah polar bears are instant
death sentences that's yes polar bears
are grizzly bears the thing about that
is that grizzly bears don't have a whole
lot of fear because they're
massive
um they will not attack you unless you
get within direct line of sight between
them and their cup
Grizzlies yeah
polar bears will you up though yeah
have y'all seen Santa's campaign for
president the thing with Rhonda Sanchez
I'm less worried about him because he's
got the personality of like a wet tube
and it's just like an overcooked noodle
like nobody likes him like I don't think
his own wife likes him
his wife is trying to be Jackie Kennedy
and she needs to stop
oh game witch that sounds really cool
never had issues with mountain lions
came across
them repeatedly when I was living when I
hiking oh yeah they don't hunt humans
not many animals will hunt humans Rhonda
Sanchez is Bland but he is kind of hot
no no excuse me no no time out time out
yeah time out
foreign
[Laughter]
like I understand if it was like oh oh I
forget that Republican the hot one in
the wheelchair if it's like he's he's
like yeah he's hot he's got the the
personality of a rattlesnake but
like yeah he's hot but Rhonda Sanchez
wait a gay Republican in a wheelchair no
he's not gay okay he's hot
uh
thwart and cawthorne or Madison
cawthorne that sounds like such a rich
person I know
what's your last name and what is the
last time you have your sex Michael
I I
boundaries Michael boundaries oh
apparently he's bi according to one
person how is he yeah
well
too bad okay so you're Republican but
you're also disabled and gay who are you
arguing should not have rights he's rich
he's a rich white man
get a thing with an aid
I love that I left the grinder said that
if Republicans keep passing anti-gay
bills in the South they will release a
list of Republican lawmakers and
politicians who have partner accounts
what are your thoughts on the new PPC
party in Canada well
they don't want to take my job away
who's the PPC uh Progressive
conservatives
there's a new Progressive conservative
party is that what the PPC stands for
I know the conservatives are actively
trying to get Bill c-11 taken down which
is the the thing that the Liberals
passed to try and kill YouTubers careers
People's Party of Canada is a
federal party political party in Canada
I'm really actually disappointed with
the NDP for trying to go ahead with this
bill yeah it's disgusting
it's like I can't vote for you now you
literally are trying to take my job away
yeah not even like in a vague way like
you are trying to take my like
especially because like you who are the
people that push for leftist politics
it's influencers most people on the
internet and you're trying to make it
difficult for them to you know be to
make money off of this yeah
right Aaron Shock was the gay Republican
senator he was also really hot the gay
Republican senator who after he was
edited as gay left the party in disgrace
and now can be seen circuit partying
around California where he is accepted
by the gays because he has abs pretty
much
pretty much
gotta go to bed this stream has been
Fire have a good night see ya
one to ten on Mitt Romney
uh in terms of like
I rate Mitt Romney Mormon
it's hard to look more more I was gonna
say it looks an hour it's hard to look
more Mormon than Mitt Romney it's Masala
monkey I completely agree with you but
it's like a crazy world we live in when
we're up against Republican politicians
where we're like can we get another
George Bush Junior do you get another
one can we get another day he started
Wars and stuff but he you know he wasn't
trying to kill brown people hit Romney
saying such sensible things against
Trump like yeah world are we in
yeah uh
meanwhile you've got Rhonda Santas being
like let's tear down Disney because gay
my mom's actually giving me tips about
you know having sex with Mormons
[Music]
I kind of get into the underwear no just
like you know what it's like and she's
like I'm not gonna say much but there's
a lot of instruction involved I'm like
you know for those of us who are bossy
that's great
oh good lord
oh
both of your moms are Jennifer Coolidge
Paris I think I think my mom is is
closer to like
I don't know not Jennifer Coolidge my my
I can see your mom is Kathy Bates like
uh depending Kathy Bates doesn't really
have a personality though the many the
many shades of captains you got misery
you cut Dolores Claiborne
at this point it feels like Mormon boys
is a documentary
thank you
foreign
sounds like a hoot Nick
she's really she's she's really taking
on board the the the she actually who
lives in the city the movie She there's
a specific Kathy Bates character I think
it's Kathy Bates and oh rain man I don't
know rain man I don't remember which
movie it was but it's where she's like
this kind of hippie lady and has like
just basically like an ongoing Orgy at
her place where a bunch of people come
over to just oh oh oh Jack Nicholson's
in it yeah oh as good as it gets no it's
not as good as you get uh let me look at
Something's Gotta Give no
um
I forgot what it's called but Jack
Nicholson's in it
About Schmidt
Maybe
might be about Schmidt
I think so because that seems to be the
only movie that they were in that they
were together in anyway she plays
basically this this mystical hippie lady
and that's kind of how my mom envisions
herself very Frankie yeah
his next mom Debbie from Queer as Folk
no that would be my mom my mom would be
Debbie from queer smoke oh yeah that's
it that's it About Schmidt this is the
Yeah Yeah with the hot tub scene and
yeah
we need a website that helps us
cross-reference two actors to see which
shows they've been
I'll always be bummed Frankie and Grace
never hooked up
kind of a lot of beans actually feel
like that was their kind of game uh
lesbian baiting yeah
it's like oh so we get the we get gays
but no lesbians
I'm like I feel you I understand you now
I'm actually gonna bring that to my mom
you know Mom someone I described you in
stream and someone said that you sounded
like thunder for Kool-Aid and I would be
like what did you say what did you tell
them I'm like not what you not the worst
thing I could tell them oh no like get
your mom to watch
um that show that I was watching oh
glamorous no no the show session
vacation island oh uh White Lotus wait
get her to watch White Lotus she is
Jennifer Coolidge on that show
like she's not rich and like visiting
these islands but like just temperament
person around and like the stuff she's
been through and the men she brings in
stuff it's your mom you can watch this
I'm worried that with uh White Lotus
I'll get horrible like you you I did oh
oh I was like I need to go on a vacation
tomorrow no like life just more of you
like these people seem so interesting
they're really not these people are
having such interesting experience they
are very boring people I feel so they're
very boring people I turned around
a gun grinder because he has his
Instagram linked and
and Jet setting Instagram accounts where
he's got pictures of him in Greece and
France and I was like that's way too
intimidating for me I told you we should
go to Greece and you're like I want to
go to Scotland like okay yeah take
pictures with the fog
pictures of sheepies and sheep I can
take I can show you sheep where I'm
actually warmed up to that idea what
idea the grease idea okay let's go to
Greece
thank you but I just feel like I so many
people are like in their late 20s and
they've been around the world like five
times over and I'm just like
this is a married argument no that's
what happens when you live with someone
for like eight years yeah we don't live
we don't live together anymore no we're
we're not divorced we're separated
divorced yeah
we we have yet to decide who gets
custody I want to go to uh Scotland
Norway Wales Central Italy Scotland
that's it
that's it the the the the the black
sheep of the London the black sheep of
the UK
um the cool places
um not London yeah cool places because
like even you talk to people in the
northern England and like and like uh
Western England and it's like yeah we're
not we're not with them
sorry most of the UK is I'm not with
them so like the
where do we leave you're Manchester yeah
can we leave
[Laughter]
Brighton yo we need to go yeah
yeah it's past due
it's been a long time we've worn out our
welcome
so yeah because I've never gotten to
travel anywhere so I want to go
somewhere the cool places in the UK
um Norway I want to go to the Azores
Isles Central Italy Azores South them no
they're not there they're off the coast
of Africa
yes they are
um there's there was a lot of sperm
whale hunting that happened off the
Azores
there's just tiny stocks with tiny spots
on the ocean with these gorgeous black
sand beaches okay so off the coast of
Portugal
yeah it's up around the horn of
something and there were a lot of sperm
whale stuff there
I was like you guys and ran the
these RS yeah
the Aza Azores or the Azores
um I've only heard it pronounce Azores
but that was from a very white woman
okay I'm reading it as a Spanish word
where the as would be at the end yeah
go to Spain it's beautiful there's too
many beautiful people in Spain
how do beautiful people in Spain feel
about slightly neurotic like mid-tier
attractive Canadian pale boys like and
how do they feel about
um kind of overweight
neurotic pale Canadian
with a Visa
you want to go shopping apparently
um my mom's boyfriend uh possibly
ex-boyfriend is from the UK and he says
that there's no more beautiful place in
the world than Spain
he says that's that's a lot too that's
why I can't watch Elise
it's a bunch of beautiful Spanish people
like I think I'll be more able to
consume this kind of media if I feel
like my life at some point becomes more
interesting
good luck
that was so Sinister
why would you say that to me you know
that I'm horribly insensitive about this
well I assume Canadian money is worth a
lot more in Spain I wonder if Canadian
money is worth a lot more in Spain I
know it's worth more in Greece because
Greece's economy sucks
but to the Spanish Euro I just like wave
around a 20 bill in Greece and be like
uh so right now there's no flow chart
but it says that the euro exchange rate
today uh one Canadian dollar to a euro
is six zero point six nine
it's one to oh Spain uses the Euro yeah
I don't does Greece use the euro I think
Germany made them stop using the Euro
because Greece couldn't do money
huh
I mean I love the German attitude on
forcing Greece to pay their debts I know
right because they were so good at that
in the 30s
Germany always pays their debts
for a few days in Madrid
okay so Greece does use the euro oh God
damn it what
well it used to be really cheap because
they had no money
they were like oh a Canadian dollar was
like a hundred Greek in dollars greekin
that's not it why do Canadians have such
pretty money and I'm still stuck with
freaking people because Canada is
actually one of the world's leading
producers of uh money physical money in
the world like the Canadian Mint mints
the um uh the uh the currencies of like
hundreds of Nations around the world and
apparently our security systems are the
most advanced in the world I went to
um uh Costco the other day and I found
out that I had
um a refund
because of the Costco card it was like
160 bucks and they were like we tried to
mail it to you but your address is
Halifax and I was like oh sorry so I got
them to change that and then they just
gave it to me in cash oh so I have cash
and I feel really awkward about that I'm
like I have am I buying drugs what do
you do with cash TVs are at Costco I put
um
uh I they gave me four fives so twenty
dollars and fives and I put it all in
the little like arm rest of my car in
case I drive by someone who's like
asking for money oh yeah I see so many
of them and I feel so bad because I
don't have cash and there's like 20 and
change like Looney's and toonies and
stuff
Nick and James go to chechnya
and end up in church boys check voice
is it checha or chechnya or check check
yeah okay I want to do it I I want to do
a parody of check Hunter where it's like
handing like the wad of cash to a boy uh
to a guy and then like then that cuts to
a scene where he's like giving like an
Oscar performance like
what some serious acting instead
can you still use cash in Canada a lot I
feel like in the US a lot of places
don't oh places love cash because
there's if you give them Cash There's no
um transaction fee
um so places love cash I just never
carry it because it's a literally a pain
in the ass so there's like no spot for
cash in my wallet
Sue David of Torah wants to know if
you're in Toronto who so David of tour
yes I am yes yes
thank you I was going to say everyone's
insulting your haircut that's literally
the opposite of what they're doing um I
this is Bed Head actually I haven't been
in the shower yet
James if you come drive by my house I'll
look authentically poor enough to take
your location
I'm in the U.S and still use past a good
amount I never have trouble with it
have you guys bought we do have our
Barbie tickets I'm so excited to a VIP
screening my mom wanted to know if she
could come with us I'm like Mom we
already got the tickets yeah I'm sorry
I'll go see it again with you if it's
good
I'm so excited for this movie
rom-com I'll go see it because it'll be
Champion fun but no like no looking at
the trailers like there's a plot here
there's pathos going on Margaret roby's
gonna get an Oscar off of it no I
haven't gotten the Margot Roby Barbie
toy yet I think they're only at Toys R
Us here so I have to go to Toys R Us we
can go to Toys R Us uh it's it's not a
VIP like ooh fancy persons it's just
like they they'll serve alcohol that's
that's well thank you David and they
have really comfy seats they have like
recliners
she can afford it she would
um no I'm so excited for this movie like
there's Margaret I I really would like
Margot Robbie to get her Oscar off of
this hilarious iconic
no but my prediction for the movie is
that we're seeing a lot of just kind of
funny sitcomy stuff in the trailers but
I think this is going to be like a
pathological explanation about the idea
of woman and girlhood Womanhood and girl
hood and that's kind of what I that's
what I think is going to go on from what
I hear Mattel makes it difficult to buy
their dolls outside of America oh we
have we have all the parts like American
Canada are basically the same country
like sales wise like Mattel kind of
recently did a push for like having that
kind of huge line of Barbies where it's
like all different body types and
different skin colors and stuff
um and they look gorgeous and if I was a
doll collector I would have been into
that yeah
um and but I don't think it's as
organized here as it is in the states
Maybe
but they are there like especially Toys
R Us I know that at Toys R Us there are
because
um Margot Roby and Ryan Gosling were in
Toronto and they went to a Toys R Us in
the area and there was a huge display of
them and it was their Barbie and Ken and
they were showing them off and stuff
because they're doing all of their press
now three weeks before the movie comes
out because the actors are going on
strike and then they can't do press
a lot of movie theaters in SoCal have
recliners and serve booze normally now
yeah we only have one movie theater
chain in Canada Cineplex that's it so
it's like two I thought we had two no we
only have one oh it's only Cineplex and
how are we not getting price gouged we
still pay less per viewing than America
does I know I I think it's because they
know that if they did start price
gouging then the government would kind
of force them to break up or something
the Canadian Market is so small if they
started pressing Canadians just wouldn't
would stop going to see movies and they
wouldn't make any money
would that be better for the U.S or just
worse
don't dare Canada
no like I like my Healthcare like there
was a big fear about the idea of Quebec
separating because Quebec is connecting
uh the rest of Canada to Eastern Canada
the coastal provinces that would be Nova
Scotia New Brunswick pein and people
assume that the Atlantic provinces would
get consumed into the us because the
Atlantic provinces don't have the
economy to live on their own they do
actually they're just not allowed to use
the resources because of contracts and
such not yeah
um how much are tickets in Canada around
10 bucks 10 bucks uh for like the VIP
tickets they're 20 and iMacs are 20 but
a normal movie ticket is 10 bucks
versus Oppenheimer uh the projections
came out for the for what they said that
was hilarious where Oppenheimer the 300
million dollar movie where Christopher
Nolan created a new kind of film stock
so he could shoot black and white iMacs
uh is uh tracking at 40 million dollar
opening weekend and Barbie's tracking at
80.
what is it at 40 60 million dollar movie
I forget the but it's something around
there it's not expensive yeah
for the greater good would you allow
Canada to integrate with the US no no
if America wants to become a part of
Canada and give up all of its politics
we'll take we'll do the we'll do it on a
state by state basis yeah you gotta you
gotta get your together yeah but
like we're not joining the US no uh Aura
fantastica Canada is a large country so
there are definitely definitely
beautiful spots where I grew up is
physically very beautiful and boring but
it's only beautiful for like two months
out of the year yeah
um where I grew up is actually like the
prime tourist one of the Prime tour
assassinations of the entire country
because that's like Cottage like the art
typical Cottage country of Canada uh I
love the west coast of Canada
I've never been to the West Coast it's
been to the West Coast I've never been
most places really I've been outside of
the of the pro of the country holy
it's cold do you find it cold yes you're
the one who keeps it so cold well what's
the area the air conditioner is behind
you I'm talking I'm on a lot I'll get
around to it so like how about you move
so I'll handle it in a second oh my God
okay so I've been out of the country
I've traveled a lot
um like I've been to the great I've seen
the Grand Canyon I thought it was
overrated sorry American friendos it's
just a hole in the ground it really is
there are much more interesting canyons
in that area I've seen much more
interesting holes
but no I I my favorite Canyon when we
went my grandparents lived in Salt Lake
City for a few a few years with that
grandfather's job uh we did the trip
from Salt Lake City to the Grand Canyon
I liked a canyon called Bryce Canyon the
best but whatever
um
so like I've always been to Peru did a
lot of traveling around Peru I nothing
really compared to British Columbia that
is still my favorite place on the planet
that I've been but I want to see more
places so I'll fix the air conditioner
it's just a 20. put it to 22.
which U.S state will you accept into
Canada uh California Oregon and
Washington they can come board
uh Massachusetts
they want to join Canada really badly
we take Massachusetts they're not
directly connected to us though so we'd
have to take like New Hampshire and
Maine at the same time
no no it isn't going to be a problem
Maine elect some weird people though
Ontario elective Doug Ford
that's true
and his brother
I can see Vermont definitely by having a
good time no not New York New York is
boring
we were actually just talking about this
today that New York and London are
basically just like ah City TM
and honestly from what I've heard about
New Yorkers they would really realize
people not from New York saying that
it's boring
there's so many good people coming to
New York expecting it to be an
interesting place
jacking up the price of real estate what
Canon should Canadians be doing to
support queer people in the U.S what can
we do about Asylum for U.S queer people
well the government's already allowing
um Asylum specifically for Trans people
uh from the U.S I thought they were
talking about expanding that to all
Queer people though uh they might right
now it's for Trans people but there
might be an extension an expansion
um
other than that moral support because
like you can donate to as many Charities
as you want but if the state basically
makes it illegal to be trans Charities
can't do anything
um
so basically just kind of letting people
know that they that there are people who
care about them is really important I
find
um like with my videos I try and put a
positive ending on everything and that
seems to help a lot of people and I'm
really happy about that so I think just
kind of moral support
hey Jason
I like living in New York and I wouldn't
say it's boring but it's nowhere near as
interesting as most people not from here
thing yeah like I I wouldn't say New
York is boring but it's you know it's
physically boring it's just a bunch of
tall buildings well like yeah because
like I've heard about this Manhattan New
York for a lot of people is that they uh
New Yorkers kind of they talk about how
media and things will kind of exasperate
New York and New York is the place where
you come to make all your dreams come
true and it's all like Taylor Swift you
go into New York and you have a
penthouse and you can think about how
great New York is whereas like people
who have lived from New York for their
entire life they're like yeah it's got
shitty Parts about it
um
and of course New York seems magical
when you're moving into penthouse yeah
um I just found and returned two poodle
puppies to their owner
uh I don't think Sex In The City is to
blame for that because a lot of Sex In
The City is pointing out how shooting
New York is yeah I blame friends
and honestly I one thing I meant to
mention I we touched on it briefly in
the more recent video about rent the
gazen theater the idea that New York uh
I I think rent is a big problem with
that too because it paints New York
especially New York poverty as this
magical place yeah or anything can
happen is at the same time the point of
rent is wow doesn't it suck to be poor
but also the point of rent is wow isn't
it kind of cool to be poor in New York
yeah like
so um and even we might be poor but at
least we're in New York where is that
from
I feel like that was a line in 30 Rock
um 30 Rock another show that demystifies
New York anywhere in Canada that doesn't
get bad freezes in the winter uh
Vancouver doesn't but Vancouver is also
very is Vancouver more expensive than
Toronto
when you get into the city proper yes
but in the there are suburbs and areas
around around where like my distance
from the city would that be any more
expensive than what I'm probably not but
I've also heard that in terms of Toronto
it's much more livelier in regular areas
around the city I've heard that
Vancouver is also just kind of a lot
more
quiet there's not as much life and
Vibrance to the city
okay okay
they never should have done a New York
the original is much better Toronto has
a North York we do I was there the we
were there the other day breathing in
toxic smoke and yeah so New York has
this kind of Aura of having a being this
fantastic place about no it's so great
in New York and people who actually live
in Newark I'm really are like I'm sick
of these people who are not from New
York coming to the city thinking it's
going to make all their dreams come true
and then realizing they actually hate
the city it's like get out please yeah
the only thing I like about rent was the
I want to go out tonight
it's like fairness I'd rather be poor in
New York than where I was born in
Michigan
yeah being poor in Michigan would suck
I like mooing with Marine sounds like a
children's show moving with Marines PJ
Katie's Farm
I feel like the perception of New York
is kind of similar to Mexico City for
foreigners tours I love it but living in
it is kind of depressing
being poor kind of sucks bro
I feel like being poor anywhere as
someone who grew up poor
it sucks anywhere yeah
like I mean I was so poor that we would
drop we would travel five hours to visit
my aunt who lived in the city I lived in
before in in Nova Scotia and I would my
big like
Excursion on these trips would be to go
to the mall and ride the escalators
James why are you so much clearer than I
am
um I'm like not clear you're super clear
right here okay
afraid my camera sucks
we have the same camera I know that's
why I'm worried do I have like a factory
defect does mine oh there there we go
I'm just further away from the camera
than you are hi poor
you'll make more money here than
anywhere
what New York yeah but it costs more to
live in New York so it kind of evens out
I heard that is queer queer what did I
say is queer work queer what did I say
what did I actually say I don't know
because I very well might have said
queerer like
queer clearer clearer clearer
have you had any oh no he's hot moments
I've had a lot of oh no he's hot moments
who regarding who specifically
oh oh
it was actually really recently and I
can't remember
I think it might have been in person
okay from Detroit have you seen scary
movie before it's just like that
it's just like that before and after the
aliens attack no difference
being a point
which of you is queer
that's a good question that has
different areas like yeah again like
you're not you you're the one who's got
passing for straight but you can also
talk about musicals and a lot of stuff
I didn't actually see that did you get
it okay okay okay that's interesting
foreign
here's Detroit and here's Detroit after
the attack
please y'all pray for me I have no hot
water until Monday oh my God that sucks
that's awful
encyclopedic memory of Sex in the City
um seen every episode of The Golden
Girls twice
um
Broadway musicals
in general
my conservative Catholic roommate was an
oh no he's hot that relationship was hot
I pass and I'm probably safer for that
but I hate when straight people tell me
you don't look gay
I've been told I don't act gay but I've
never been told I don't look gay
actually I have I have I have been told
I don't look like a gay man because I'm
not in shape apparently I don't
apparently I look like a fascist
yes
that comment has been made
um horror asked are you Pro or anti-guns
in America I don't think guns are the
problem
I I think they should be regulated
heavily I think there should be
background tracks I think that the
government should know where guns are
going and where ammunition is going but
I think that the issue with America is
much deeper than just guns or no guns
I think America I agree I think the
issue is not necessarily
that guns are legal it's that the type
of guns that are legal and how easy it
is to get guns and who can get them
uh that being said much like a toddler
who has thrown paint on the walls one
too many times America has lost its
privilege and you need to take a show
that it is a grown-up and can handle
things yeah so you take the paint away
and you put it on top of the fridge yeah
you take the guns away and melt them
down and make some kind of a statue of
something something
everything Nick just said is probably
why people think he's a fascist
which is weird because I'm arguing that
the problem is a root cause that's
deeper than the and I I work coming from
Jason because like people kind of like
to latch on to one or two specific
sentences out of a whole and kind of
just you know build an entire point off
of that but like you know we need to dig
deeper to solve the root cause
oh I've got to head up oh have a good
night night game witch melt guns for the
Baphomet statue
I think there's also an issue with gun
culture and specifically in America yeah
it's fascinating to see gun history in
America how it went from a more communal
defense to the insanity that is today
yeah America is broken in general and we
need to uh reboot
melt guns make swords I would you know
I'd be on board for that make Americans
have swords instead of guns I did buy a
ghost of sushima replica sword set
fantastic for that
also lightsabers yes I'm excited for
that well one of them is mine yeah I
don't know where they are though
where's my phone I can protect our
children but screw them if you take our
guns away
guys rip turn the pages of Tom Finland
swords are way cooler than guns
like
guns are just like
a little metal thing
pew pew pew
a sword like if you kill someone with a
sword you have to be like within range
of them it's so much more metal you
gotta earn it yeah
it's also crazy what percent of the
population actually owns all those guns
yes it is very
good oh no
not a boy
because Canada actually has more guns
per capita than the United States we
just don't kill each other
and we have regulations about how you
need to store these guns how you can
keep these guns there's a list of people
about
and this is the conflation it's like
oh we froze
we did
afros no oh I just paused never mind and
everyone got a flash of my bad Dragon
stickers
what did you do when did you start doing
uh I do streams all the time they're not
just Friday night they're random nights
of the week
um
but sometimes Friday night now that like
now that lick now that Nick actually
lives in the city we might make it uh a
regular thing regular thing through the
summer
that's why horror villains use stab
weapons instead of guns cause they're
cooler
as someone who owns a lot of sharp
objects who is currently playing with a
package of exacto knives
put away before I that reminds me we
need to play the Splatoon event Splatoon
yes Splatoon Splatoon
more streams please I love those guys
those little squidy guys little octo
guys they're like my favorite I love
them so much
Nick is finding the Karen angle on
camera
what's the Karen angle on cameras I
don't know I need to equip myself
usually when you stream I'm having
dinner or drawing or both so it's easy
background noise and when I'm less busy
I try to be in chat oh
y'all like Mario what do you think about
the new Mario games uh I think they look
fun
most Mario games are fun though
other than uh Mario Sunshine I've never
played one that wasn't fun
I've heard that about sunshine before
but apparently like it picks up a lot in
later in the game
I had came to the conclusion of years
years ago when they released the Mario
Trilogy that they kind of put out yeah
that I just am not a Mario person
for me they're just they're not like
it's not like Zelda where I will put
hundreds of hours into it it's just it's
like a Time killer game it's like oh I
have nothing to do I can play Mario
yeah for me it's like I I think that
they're just not my style games I don't
really like the platformer style I'm
excited about the RPG though that looks
like fun the Remake yeah yeah I'm
excited because I tried playing the
remake A couple of years ago
um I might try and pick get into uh
Paper Mario again apparently uh they
started out phenomenal got progressively
works but are still really good games uh
sorry I didn't get worse got
progressively not as good hmm
Sunshine is 100 a broken game but I love
the setting and the controls the new
Zelda game made link a guy he was
non-binary in The Originals what what no
Link's always been a guy yeah
I think Nick I think I think link is
closer to non-binary now than ever
before honestly
I am sad that he doesn't you can't get
the um Gerudo fam outfit yeah
probably at least
Barbie at least the older made ones made
excellent weapons oh I've played all the
Bayonetta games I'm working on cereza
and the lost demon really good game I
love that I haven't played I haven't
finished it uh not a huge fan of bo3
um
because of the ending I think no no I
think the whole game didn't really hold
together very well I heard that
apparently that game went through like
50 different rewrites and redevelopments
I think story wise peaked at Bayo 2 but
design and character concept and and
everything peaked in one
one was better for design
s in the last team is better than all of
them so I'm not afraid of Hollywood
messing up my dreams I'm afraid of this
country I live in messing up my
dreams
um honestly Hollywood is Hollywood's a
it's a game of who you know and I don't
know anyone in Hollywood like with power
I know people who are like actors and
stuff like that but not like producers
and stuff like that so
the worst that Hollywood could do is say
no you have to keep doing exactly what
you're doing now
and it's like all right but the current
idiots in my government running my
country are trying to stop that from
happening so I'm really not worried
about Hollywood at all
because like with Hollywood movies I
don't want to make Hollywood movies like
I don't want someone to give me 200
million dollars to make a movie
like why
Nick I want ice cream
random I want to go to the gelato place
last night but I didn't
then by the time that I worked up the um
gumption to go out it was closed
a24 isn't really Hollywood though
can't you take that 200 million to make
four movies you wouldn't think that
would be the logic not the way Studios
work though because most of that money
is earmarked for to go to companies the
studio actually owns themselves uh but
then they can say they spent money well
not just that but after the spurge of
Marvel movies everyone's trying to ape
on that they want that oh the more money
we spend on a movie the more money we'll
get on a movie and it's like
please look at what was going on with
the DC Cinematic Universe while Marvel
was making bank like
James will you make animated movies I'd
love to but animated movies are really
expensive we have a few ideas for
animated content though
but uh
if we can get more money for Telos I
would love to do animated movies but as
of right now
um
no
can't you make an eight-hour movie then
say you have to split it into four parts
they did that it was called Lord of the
Rings
so that was called The Hobbit
no I mean like they shot all of the Lord
of the Rings trilogy at once yeah um and
furthermore Peter had bought Peter
Jackson uh Jr Tolkien no yes yes Gerald
Hogan tried to
he tried to write publish it all as one
book yeah but there's a paper shortage
after World War II yeah so it's meant to
be one story and you know you can kind
of marathon them and they hold up
in the new Zelda Link is treated as a
boy the Gerudo say is a Vo
and yeah that's the last one too yeah
and that was it's always been a boy that
was a no crane no time they wanted him
out of there because he was a guy yeah
Jr Tolkien wasn't a conservative in the
modern sense of a conservative uh Gerard
Tolkien wanted to conserve like the the
sort of rural areas of England which is
very different from like literally
conserve yeah physical spaces yeah not
I don't want people
to like because if you read we would
consider Lord of the Rings Progressive
by today's standards because it's
environmentally focused you know Lord of
the Rings was adopted by hippies yeah
in the sense that he he wanted to
conserve both the environment and the
lifestyle of the way that people lived
in the country which was being overtaken
by industrialism uh these changes and
one thing I do want to point out to a
lot of people because a lot of people do
rag on progressivism and they say that a
progressive used to be a dirty word it's
like these words change to fit the
political climate they exist in yeah
James if you did regularly schedule
lives you may get more watching I might
but honestly unless there was a bunch of
super chats and stuff like that
happening regularly scheduling them just
doesn't work for me
because then I have to like organize my
day and set time aside and stuff like
that and then I would just end up
getting frustrated and
and like I love when you guys send super
chats I really really appreciate it but
it's like there's never really enough
super chats for to to Warrant like
scheduling specific streams this is not
the and that's okay that's just not the
climate of this channel some channels
they can make money only on streaming
and then buy multi-million dollar
mansions in California
uh after who's that Hassan oh yeah after
providing virtually little literally
nothing and basically just having
nepotism on your side oh thank you
um and you know where James and I are
comfortable with uh the the means of
income that the channel offers yeah and
we're going to be doing a bunch of extra
stuff for patrons during the summer
because we're not going to be releasing
any videos to YouTube over the summer
um but we've got a bunch of extra stuff
coming for patrons uh Masala monkey we
used to play games on streams they
missed those days we did nobody watched
I ever I might start doing that on my
own
um if you wouldn't mind like kind of
just getting a set up at my place and
just playing The Sims or something
building werewolf boyfriends
true uh senior
um
like American Democrats are basically
conservatives almost everywhere else in
the country in the world yeah
Tolkien had very intimate uh
relationships with the men he went to
World War One like for instance like is
it gay to continue writing uh very
emotional letters to your friend who was
lost in the war no he was dead for the
rest of your life yeah he wasn't gay but
yes he was very possibly bisexual
I think more people are bisexual than
they give credit for I think the vast
majority of people were bisexual I would
say like 70 of the population I think
that people are just
um and this also includes gay people I
think a lot more gay people are by than
they realize because I think that
there's this kind of mentality oh you
need to pick a camp you depend on your
other heterosex you're either straight
or you're not I'm gay I don't like women
I don't think it's a matter of these
people just need to open their mind I
think it's a matter of conditioning has
you know let the clothes off you know
sections of uh what they what they
tolerate like for me I'm attracted to
body types rather than body types and
gender manifestations rather than parts
um I'm attracted to men and men only
sure
um bring your head over here I need to
Pat it why because good for you
not a thing well men and
um non-binary people yeah whereas I'm
not attracted to non-binary people sorry
folks like androgyny just doesn't work
for me phobic
no no I'm not married
does this work for me
um
but I think that you know we think of
their memories in high school you knew
those guys who are always together who
had girlfriends yeah but they would
rather be together they spent way more
time together than with people friends
if they had a if they've had a falling
out it was biblical in scope oh yeah oh
it was it was it like Cecil B Demille
would adapt that everyone in school
had to pick a side yes these two this
Bromance had a falling out because you
could not be friends with both of them
that that was a that is a non-sexual
romantic relationship
and I think that's
if it was non-sexual but it was
certainly romantic well it might be sex
actor would be more president than in
society for people to be more
open-minded than maybe it would be yeah
but also bro sex is apparently a thing
guys who aren't romantically attracted
to guys but who you know will have sex
with them I knew plenty of guys in high
school who had some sort of sex with
each other
um especially on like sports trips and
stuff when they would be out of town uh
for competitions and stuff because there
was no one around except them and so
they didn't have to answer to anyone I
also want to point out
that there's a lot of very straight guys
who try to do the sexy thing but the
cringe
you know you know what I mean
like they no okay straight guys who
tried to kind of put on these sexy
errors but it doesn't work because they
don't understand what sex young guys
because they're not interested in guys I
think to have an acknowledgment of what
is sexually appealing for your own
gender you do need to be able to tap
into a bit of same sex attraction to be
able to self-assess is this sexual or
not is this sexy or not
hmm
just remember John Laurens and Alexander
Hamilton's letters oh yeah
uh Jason I would not continue writing to
letters or letters to James after he
died and I didn't write letters to me
now no
foreign
token is a lot of flippancy on my part
um I really am not of one mind of it one
way or the other
and yeah I feel like people who are
completely like have no concept of how
to present themselves in a sexual way I
don't think that they
are able to tap into a an area of
self-assessment to gauge their own
gender attraction attractiveness being
attracted to men has indeed given me a
very precise understanding of how
repulsive I am to them
I feel you I feel you
the movie I feel so much Beyond
friendship
uh I don't want to spell my type because
that varies from time to time but
basically I like Barra
[Laughter]
I I have a big thing for big strong
himbos like
where who wear wigs under what contacts
me Nick
I've never worn a wig
I bought a wig for the ant for one of
the videos I can't remember which one I
think it was the skate video I bought a
wig and I was like this does not work no
um I don't know roach dog I I need a lot
more time to flush out that theory
attraction
leather daddies
no Bara it's a Japanese type of
um porn
whereas by type is like just completely
random depending okay this is my ideal
type but I'm attracted to I have
attraction to a lot more a very wide
range but as I if I had to draw my
perfect imaginary boyfriend for some God
or deity to bring to life I'd say like
okay I got some I got a list like
but honestly that's the only real body
body type thing that comes into into
play a lot more is Personality yeah
when will you wear wigs as a Lord of the
Rings meme apparently
never heard
I've never heard that either
bar is a Japanese word for Rose but in
gay context it's a slur but it's also an
artistic literature that's
a pedigree for one word James you look
like Debbie from The Addams Family
pastels
oh
Malibu Barbie
James I bet you are top I am versed
actually
though I've only had sex once in like a
decade so
yeah
you got off work
you got offers
we have not anyone I'm interested in
is it just that you're and I had to pay
for it is it just that the offers you're
getting are like you know your your
standards are too high or
because if like you've got other I don't
think my standards are too high
um because you know I have a very broad
range of what I find attractive
um
the the ones I get offers from are
either somehow out of that range
or they're just cringe oh
James is a living Ikea shark plush toy
dude you have to have a connection
before getting to sex it's nice to have
a connection prefer that
like even if it's just like talking to
someone for a couple of days like just
so that it's not like complete like I
couldn't do a bath house kind of
situation uh Barbara I'm actually kind
of Ace
um I'm on the ace Spectrum I don't want
to get too deep into it because it's a
it's a head full of stuff
was Nick about to clip out what was that
clip out like I think that's when I
forced myself to sit up straight in my
chair oh
sometimes you feel like a top
sometimes you feel like a top I mean
like sometimes wouldn't that work if it
better for sex if it was like sometimes
you feel like you need to not sometimes
you don't when do you not feel like you
need to knot right now
I have this thing that if I know the
actor in a porn more than the basic I
find it harder to find I can't get uh I
I have actively refused remember we were
living in Ottawa and you're trying to
tell me about porn stars I'm like I need
to not know about them yeah I need to
not think and this is I feel bad saying
this I need to not think about them as
human beings or otherwise I will feel so
horribly inadequate for not looking like
that and for not having sex like that I
had an online friend who was a pretty
well known porn star for quite a while
and he kind of told me all the ins and
outs of porn and I can't watch porn for
likes any kind of sexual stuff anymore I
I watch it and I'm like I critique it
but that's like the in my head I
critique it and that's about the the
gist of it because I know every like I
know why that cut was made I know like
why was that cup made James well it's
like I knew I I know because I'm
watching and I'm like oh his his leg is
tilting and there's a cut and it's like
he fell over like stuff like that like I
can see I can see how all of the all of
the I can see all the connections for
the Lego basically and so it doesn't
just doesn't work
uh Michael there is no Haze code
the haze code ended in the 50s I mean
we're still feeling the options
certain patterns and traditions were
built during the haze code that are
still lasting
Chad James the porn critic
do you like more amateur stuff then I
like my amateur stuff
um
amateur stuff just sucks I'm very
Discerning when it comes to it I've
I hate it when there's a guy on only
fans that produces really good stuff and
then the quality just keeps dipping
like early on it's like wow you made
some really great stuff and then it's
just like you don't serve anymore
is that so many porn performers are
really hot and they've got the
personality of a wet paper towel and
they don't make any noise they don't
talk they don't do anything there's
there's like it is just a body and
that's it and I'm like I could care less
like a consistent concrete like a
consistent content creator uh as we're
about to take two months off from
YouTube I mean we've been over producing
for a long time
yeah
well kind of if he's code had never
existed Hollywood would be very
different it would be impossible for the
haze code not to exist I'm America very
different it will America America would
have had to be different because America
is very puritanical the only reason the
haze code existed was because
um American religious movements and the
women's rights movement basically pushed
so hard against Hollywood that they had
to create the haze code or else the
federal government would have started
[Music]
um
uh censoring them federally and so
America would have had to be a different
country for Hollywood to not have the
haze code
I just can't have sex with people who
don't talk during wow you have no idea
about me then
pushing me you told me to shut up before
it was pretty horny uh
James noise in porn's weird it's like
not I'm afraid I'll get caught but guys
the video to what
it'll be interesting to see what happens
to the Channel with a period of time off
maybe an algorithmic reset might be
helpful honestly I think so that's what
we're hoping for
yeah well it's it's more so just there's
no point in doing anything in the summer
because views drop precipitously in the
summer our views have been dropping
precipitously anyway honestly if it
wasn't for our patrons there would be no
new videos
um
so you know there's a link in the
description if you'd like to become a
patron
um
but yeah like the the views on YouTube
have been dropping I don't there's many
suppose possible reasons for it I don't
know what it is but like our most viewed
video is still the killing stalking
video and that came after a two-month
break yeah there were two months between
the bill the wicked and hoping video on
the killing stalking video what I'm
hoping for is that as we produce videos
going forward they'll feel more special
because we won't be churning them out so
frequently it'll give people a chance to
watch them again yeah yeah instead of
like every week seeing like oh there's a
new video oh there's a new video oh
there's a new video
and there's probably going to be two
videos a month because I still have to
finish the queer Hollywood history
series but I would like I think two
videos a month is a good sort of uh goal
what I kind of suggested to you is doing
a you know the channel video like a
proper video essay and then having
another video as a like a flex video so
it could be another it could be a
reactionary video it could be one of our
discussion videos but something that you
know feels like it needs to be done that
can be done a little bit more on the
cusp
if you two ever cosplayed Wicked and
huckling we talked about it when we
first met
um but I'm way too insecure to do any
Anaconda cosplay I I'm also too insecure
for that so
I think spacing will help because while
I love your stuff I have to pace myself
because they are serious informational
topics yeah we're also going to try and
do happier videos or at least more
upbeat videos like the two videos that
are coming for patrons this summer
two or three videos that are coming for
patrons this summer I forget how many
um they're much more upbeat topics than
you know everything sucks
although we've done happy videos in the
past and nobody watched them so we'll
act we'll see what happens again if it
wasn't for our our patrons we wouldn't
be able to
do this stuff uh able Knight we dab we
absolutely will see them in the Marvel
Universe uh but they're probably gonna
suck like the rest of Marvel content
these days and either they're not gonna
kiss or you're gonna see them only on
Disney Plus
which I'd be I think Young Avengers
would work better as a series I think so
too but also the series generally suck
well that's what Disney like Disney's
kind of doing a reset now yeah and I
think they need to do that reset I need
to write my Scarlet Witch movie I didn't
try and get an Elizabeth Olsen's desk
here the Scarlet Witch Redemption Arc
begins now don't trust you
I think I think you need to intersperse
your happy and sad videos
well if more happy stuff would happen it
would be we're gonna do more videos
about anime which is like relatively
happier because anime's silly
the heart Supper video was happy and
nobody watched it yeah
I released that the weekend Heart
Stopper came out nobody watched it had a
nervous breakdown for nothing
what you don't remember that I was a
nervous wreck while we were making that
what do you mean I must have kept it
hidden from you I literally
I wrote it yeah and then filmed it and
put it out on Sunday you didn't do
anything on that video I was there for
readings I helped you shoot it and
yeah I was kind of having a breakdown
why because it was triggering I guess
oh yes I remember new
okay when we say nobody watched the the
video we mean like it didn't pull the
views like it got more views than most
of our videos now get
I don't want to talk about it
our videos haven't been getting as many
views as a certain group of people came
at us in December
your anime videos do better it seems to
me especially like uh well anything we
cover that's like Asian coverage like
man was anime they always do better than
the the other stuff
um obviously killing stalking painter of
the night the horror videos always do
pretty well except for last October's
video that one didn't do as well but I
think that's because there were like
three videos in October so it didn't
really have a chance to take off
um
my husband and I are watching Moon girl
and devil dinosaur I've heard of moon
girl devil dinosaur review
yeah that's a Marvel thing I think
Attack on Titan in the title foolproof
it sucks that I had to take the attack
on Titan video down and put it back up
because now it doesn't have as many
views and it doesn't look as impressive
every Crossover with other YouTubers
um I've done some like voiceovers for
other YouTubers but I haven't had anyone
else come on to do video like voiceovers
for me or anything like that
um
we don't really do any crossovers with
other YouTubers because it's we've like
to even to have someone come and do a
voice for one of our videos I edit so
quickly that there isn't really time to
get them to like record it and
everything because like I'll start
editing on Monday and have the video
ready by Wednesday so there's not really
time to to wait around for someone else
uh that was all James and me we do all
the voice acting in the videos
do more Rowling that always gets views
not the latest one the latest one didn't
do as well
uh in your latest video I think you had
some voice actors we didn't have voice
actors we just uh I took some uh
clips from a theatrical production of
Angels in America
and uh so those are actually
um Nathan Lane and Andrew Garfield
make a video of how gay anime is getting
uh we are actually going to do a video
like about how gay anime is and realize
there's there's a lot of this
um and so that's why you know there's
been a skate video a Banana Fish video
um
uh an attack on Titan video which had
nothing to do with gayness oddly there's
gonna be a given video there's
um there was the number six video
um
instead of covering all the animes at
once they've kind of all made it into
their own videos
anime often implies gayness but doesn't
actually have the MLM or WLW happen
yeah although lately some some animes
have actually been going there
do your potential Partners need to know
a lot of movie Anime and sci-fi stuff no
like I joke that my ideal partner is a
boring lawyer
like it would be nice if they were a
nerd but if they weren't it's fine
I think the implying stuff is fairly
early 2000s anime I forgot about the
Yuri on Ice video it's been so long
since we did that one the director of
uriani seems to have had her career
destroyed despite her proven success
hmm there's a whole lot there about that
I get that impression too the nimona
seems to be either gender fluid or
non-bone I haven't watched that yet
um Grand Master of demonic cultivation I
haven't read the novels and I haven't
watched the show but I'm reading the
comics that are being released and I'm
really enjoying the comics but it's
going to be a while before I can do a
video on it
um
but uh there probably will be a video on
it
I can't I can't really say when though
you good you want to cut it out for the
night I I think I'm good
you sure yeah
man I wouldn't mind some ice cream
what what kind of ice cream
why was I about to type in Lime torrents
it's been a thing for ages I know and it
doesn't feed you
[Applause]
oh goodness chat is still catching up
with all of them for me at my computer
closed now it's catching up oh
uh chicken nugget Garcia I still haven't
seen Spiderman
yeah it's it's a want it came out at a
time when I and Nick were both moving at
almost the exact same time yeah like
literally I think the day before I had
my move schedule you locked down your
place and so it was like me unpacking
for a week and then you moved and I was
not anticipating to get a place as
quickly as I did yeah
ah
I mean I I've caught all the spoilers
that just makes me want to see it more I
don't know how they fit together I've
somehow managed to avoid all the
spoilers somehow and like I am all for
rule 34 of miguelo Miguel O'Hara
Miguel me you know thank you Miguel
Miguel Miguel Nick UL it's spelled
Miguel
it's pronounced Miguel
King Latin names and their lack of
patterns do you pronounce all the
letters you do not pronounce those
letters like what's going on here do you
want Smarties Oreo
score do I have another flavor caramel
what's
let me see caramel it's a Sunday it's
not a Sunday
it gets darker next sunburn looks less
awful poornic sunburn no that's just
irritation oh
have you seen the reactions to the idol
I've seen people basically say that it's
horrible but that's about it
that's the idol uh it's a new show from
the guy who made
um the that
um the the Zendaya show Euphoria
um and it's like just apparently really
bad
add to cart and I would also like one
uh two card
there are two of them in there yes there
are two of them
very good very good
I think I may also like some chicken
nuggets
scrolling up backup chat uh Jason you
said the director of Uranus seems to
have had her career destroyed despite
proven success like has it been a thing
like she hasn't been able to get work
since then
she kind of got blacklisted when she
tried to make the deal with Netflix
oh for going behind the craters yeah
well now the creators of going against
the studio
and Netflix didn't take the deal
uh it's not that they didn't take the
deal it's that she tried making the deal
just as the pandemic started uh so
timing was really bad
oh that sucks poor girl she did such a
good job
yeah I know she was the creator just
word didn't work properly
Telos will make a live-action Yuri on
Ice we'll do it
give us the money we'll do anything like
cinematic that way we are kidding
not we have standards
can I know where did you get the white
it's the it's angel wings it's not even
like uh it's the the thing that looks
apparently looks like Debbie is just
angel wings
urine ice was really good but sadly I
think it wasn't gay enough
it'd be hard to make you a nice cake the
entire argument I wanted to present in
the Yuri Noise video is like I don't
think it would have helped the story for
anyone to come out and look at the
camera and say I'm gay yeah like I think
that there's a point of media literacy
where we need to just accept that yes
they're gay and people saying that no
they're not do not have adequate media
literacy we did a whole video about it
you're all aware that in the 6-3 vote
world of businesses
oh yeah yeah we talked about the shitty
state of America
yeah Sarah yeah Sarah's right they had
matching rings yeah matching rings
matching friendship rings the only the
only straight person on that show was JJ
he's not straight
first of all he was what he he choked
because of he was thinking of a
Ukrainian ass not Ukrainian ass checking
us
he was busy thinking about Slavic ass so
he choked second of all French Canadian
like
it's a French Canadian
have you guys ever heard of the anime
Heavenly delusion it just came out and
it kind of sort of has a trans character
in it I would love to see what you guys
think about that one I've never heard of
that one actually
The Exchange rings under a Barcelona
church with a choir in the background
like
the coding like that wasn't even coding
well that's what I mean like How Deeply
does something need to be coated before
it qualifies as representation I
honestly don't think that it would have
been like
why and this is my kind of critique
about like people clamoring for queer
representation why is it more important
to have the words I'm gay in there than
to actually have a genuine queer story
which is how we get instances of queer
representation where it just feels
shallow and unfulfilled because it's too
busy trying to be a que representation
than representing queer people yeah like
in Yuri on Ice you have several queer
characters obviously queer characters
who are showing that they have huge
inferiority complexes around it you have
one with really bad body issues like who
spent his entire career quite while
questioning gender like yeah like there
is so much queer stuff in Yuri on Ice
that here's my Victor Yuri on Ice uh
even if you got rid of the wedding like
the exchanging of rings and everything
it's and you've got yurio who was
abandoned by his family because he liked
Dancing Yeah
who rides for a monkey slob yeah
who you know the shares in common with
the older gay couple that you know the
smaller one is the top
do you think Yuri's the top oh yes girl
Have You Seen Her Yuri's based off of no
yes yeah you're so cute
they didn't confirm the relationship I
don't care about the I'm gay I want the
relationship to not just be vague enough
so women can say well I can make myself
insert with the gay character it doesn't
matter and like even if you
I'm gay in there they would still be
pushing back against it
um which they do yeah which they do
there are like there are fans of like
certain comics manwa and stuff like that
that are just like oh no they're not gay
they're not gay it's a power thing
they're not actually in love with each
other it's just a you know a power thing
and it's like
it doesn't matter how coded or how
explicit it is there will be pushback
against that yeah and you don't need to
argue with that my advice to that is
just you know follow the Keanu Reeve
strategy when someone says two plus two
equals five hold your hand up and say
okay good luck with that
um
like no that didn't happen with killing
stalking but that did happen with
painter of the night a lot of them were
like is straight no that's like it's
that not somehow the um sungho is no
that's song wo
right songhou is yeah yeah painter of
the night
um I got the pronunciation right for
paper of the night
I mean it was a meme about like in
Lincoln sit on for um uh they're in a
selfie and it's the mean like Link's
comment is oh my God we look like such a
couple and students kind of like a
couple of Besties see that yeah
so yeah like um
I do I do empathize with you know
wanting to have pushback against people
who are like no this is no these are
obvious straight characters it's like oh
I'm sorry they just don't have good
media literacy yeah it's like no amount
of you arguing is going to change that
because it's not based around logic it's
a bass run to Fantasy complex yeah
there's there's a point where people are
just detached from reality
like I don't recognize raylo when I saw
that kiss like you're correct like
uh episode nine like I hate people who
say that episode Done was terrible
because Ryan Johnson gave nothing to
work with after episode which that is a
lie
oh and like people say that oh I don't
like this movie because he set up railo
it's like he set up railo and then
dashed it in the same movie She closed
the door onto him
yeah like that's
well even if they are bi if they're in a
committed really committed MLM
relationship that shouldn't excuse the
fact that it's an ml in committed
relationship
yeah like it doesn't matter if they're
bisexual or they're gay
they exchanged Rings yeah
Victor jumped on him and kissed him
exchanged rings when someone pointed it
out at the table they all started they
all started fawning yeah and like oh
there we go and like when Victor like
leapt on him and kissed him on the ice
it's like
if it was just a hug the crowd would not
have Frozen the way they did
what about Laura Dern uh she died in
episode eight oh yeah
even though she was actually a queer
character as confirmed in like the it
was it was a wasted character I think
especially because like
yeah it was it was Star Wars trying to
play off of oh this is an interconnected
universe but this is a multimedia
Universe like no please stop doing that
I hate it when Final Fantasy does that
don't do it here at either
did you see no schnep in a pride he was
so happy oh so I'm glad I'm good before
him yes good for him
finally gets to stop getting answered
ask that question they better give him
superpowers in season five they better
give him a different haircuts in season
five
God damn it I feel like that's less
likely than the Superbook absolutely
less likely because he asked them and
they said no
surely this kid can scrape together ten
dollars for a haircut so his mom can
stop doing it
huh
yeah it is really common yeah anime
especially especially anything that's
not like romance anime like the kisses
are usually obscured
is it gay to mouth kiss your homies on
the skating rink
be gay
foreign
because like I know I mentioned about
this a lot in terms of like oh close
friendships or actually like like but we
also need to not run into the territory
where we're saying that any kind of
emotional intimacy between between two
men is automatically queer yeah because
you know he wanted D toxicify
masculinity dismantle patriarchy part of
that means that men need to be able to
feel emotions meet and be able to stress
emotions uh my mother who actually does
a lot of work with uh child and Youth
Development
uh she said Studies have kind of
indicated that out in a bubble like in
in a Cell in a sterile environment where
um children are raised with specific
studies in mind it's indicated that
young boys have more empathy than young
girls
really yeah uh there's generally more of
an empathetic Drive in younger boys than
young girls
um
which you know you want to look at you
know the mean dog group like look at
Dobermans look at pit bulls it's like
these are incredibly affectionate dogs
who are vicious things because it's
beaten out of them because there's
something sensitive about them that is
uh because they're so because they're so
sensitive it means they can turn vicious
but you you know beat that out of them
yeah sometimes literally
it's like pitbulls one of the ways that
they train pitbulls to fight is actually
to get them really attached to something
and then throw that thing to the other
dog
because they need to go protect it yeah
good I saw up in the chat a little bit
then you went to your first prize you
know when I went on my street adventure
with my experimentation with public
transit yeah
um I was walking around Church Street
there was a guy sitting on the street
I'm assuming a homeless guy panhandling
he asked for a light
um
I said no I don't have a light I'm sorry
he's like oh okay happy Pride I'm like
it's a holiday now that's really cool
I think my my camera's about to die oh
it's at five percent
mine was uh about ten percent higher
than yours
wait
sometimes even knew where was I
praise James camera
last it'll last about
two and a half hours which is better
than it has been in the recent times
when after like 10 minutes so how do we
get it again so that it can just go
indefinitely like you indefinitely like
you used to
um it all I have to do is go into the
settings and switch the thing to say
that it can be powered by USB okay
um because this thing doesn't have
Thunderbolt power
Thunderbolt yeah Thunderbolt it just has
USBC
so camera dying means we're gonna head
out
yeah I figure we can uh head out
probably around
[Music]
in about 10 minutes
and uh
the ice cream will probably be arriving
around then too and maybe James camera
do some splatting Splatoon
as our pleasure chicken nuggets it's
nice to be back I I've been distant for
a lot of streams as of late physically
distant somebody was asking me who I was
this time so that's a good sign yeah
see Nick doesn't hate you
so many people have asked me on streams
does Nick hate us now
like no Nick's just five hours away yeah
now he's just a half hour away
Nick what have you been I don't I don't
know I'm just getting
I'm getting my bearings back
um
I'm starting to get back into good
habits like we're just we're just taking
it one day at a time thanks Jason am I
not good half by myself
do you guys know a horror show that
Trixie and Katy reacted to brand new no
I've never heard of that I haven't seen
uh I can't
the Trixie and Katie haven't been
reacting to things that I like know of
lately
except they reacted to I forget what the
show is called but it's like a lesbian
dating show that was on Netflix that I
got really invested in not the show I
didn't watch the show but I got really
invested in their reaction to the show
sometimes that's funnier
is the gay chat on Hiatus as well for
the summer no
um no what's the gay chat what we're
doing now
oh no we're gonna keep doing this yeah
yeah this this this isn't scripting and
because we want to take some time off
we're entertaining the idea of maybe
actually going on a vacation of some
sort
um we are going to do some videos for
patrons that are you know normal video
essays and they'll will come out later
on in the fall for normal YouTube
um they the ones there are
um for sure Sandman good Omens and
revolutionary girl lieutenant uh so
those will come out for patrons in the
summer and uh camp Camp yes and camp
camp and no disco disco Elysium will be
the fall yeah
um so there's gonna be stuff just for
patrons during the summer
um
and then uh it'll come out later on in
the fall for normal YouTube
which will be a good backstop if YouTube
is like you took a break you then
we can just start flooding it with
content and get back into its algorithms
good graces Fernando Felix thank you
very much and queer and autism and
neurodivergence in the queer Community
is something that I would like to speak
on in some kind of future video videos
because it's it's weird being there's a
dating show on Netflix not a dating show
but it's like a romantic comedy about
being on the Spectrum and dating as gay
person no oh is it I know there is
there's a show I think called on the
spectrum that is a dating show of people
on the Spectrum dating yeah it's weird
being with especially queer because
there are so many nuanced rules about
queerness and existing queer spaces so
yeah uh it's certainly been a challenge
have you ordered a Grimace shake from no
but I've exposed James to the meme Trend
to daily
um I know people who have had it and
they're like it tastes like purple
um and so I'm like that sounds gross and
you know just like what is this a horror
Trend surrounding the Grimace Shake it's
the power of greatness there's gonna be
a friggin uh blumhouse movie about this
damn thing
I mean some of them are putting that
kind of quality yeah
yeah like how was she climbing on the
roof
my partner and I are both queer
autistics which makes things both easier
and harder yeah I can imagine yeah
James it tastes like Berry Tums or
Rolaids very fake and chalky oh that
sounds gross it sounds really gross
also today I learned of the Grimace
Shake Trend as well it's so funny
so weird
I mean the the Wonder I don't think
McDonald's thought this was gonna go
viral no no no no
um because every time this McDonald's
tries to do something viral specifically
it backfires and it's just cringe yeah
um I like the one of that one lady who
the lady who made the Grimace Shake
herself like three scoops
cream like that looked like a good one
oh yeah that looked tasty yeah like that
ain't what McDonald's you've got
raspberry you got some raspberries you
got blueberries and that looks tasty
yeah blend it
it makes me laugh because it makes no
sense
it came up a while ago about Shaggy
being too powerful and like the spirit
of Shaggy possessing people like he was
only acting with one-fifth of his power
like
the Shamrock the Shamrock Shake is
pretty good though
I think I had the Shamrock Shake was
that that's mint mint yeah mint
[Music]
I I also missed the McDonald's
characters I think they were fun they
should all come back the little bird
girl was she a bird I don't remember I
just remember the hamburger bun hold and
burglar Grimace there was a girl I swear
they could Rebrand Ronald because he
kind of looks creepy the way he was but
like yeah they need to do something with
him can't visit pop to redesign him yes
because there's like
seats at McDonald's is where you can sit
next to Ronald and it's like I don't
want to sit there
I'm not even afraid of clowns but I'm
just like creeped out by these giant
plasticine
clowns staring off in the distance
you know that they should bring back the
burgers Burger King's Burger King kids
club
they were like it was basically like the
Captain Planet kids
um
all different colors uh one of them was
in a wheelchair or like it was like that
but this was like in the early 90s why
am I out of focus because I'm not
centered because I'm dumb and I did the
things wrong next time I'll do them
right I love gen z i I do too I don't
know why people hate young people yeah
these generational divides are invented
the same thing was done to Gen X yeah
um like these are breakthrough cycle of
generational trauma
um for real these identified divides are
these days they're largely superficial
it was describing oh it was the Baby
Boomers and the baby the children the
generations the generations sorry
um
so like these generational divides are
largely just arbitrary and I think at
this point they're made to design
they're designed to pit us against each
other I saw so many articles basically
kind of comparing Millennials to uh
Generation Z in a way that was
unflattering to us and then was
unflattering to gen z
um and it it drove a lot of animosity
between those two groups of people and
there's a whole lot more going on with
our current state of living that should
unite us under a similar Direction than
there is how they Define us like okay
you got y'all like y'all ate um ate uh
ghost peppers and Tide Pods okay great
we had seen culture like okay cringe
exists in every generation it's fine
[Music]
it's like yeah well you had a mullet so
my classmates did a scene from angels in
America in an acting showcase at school
it was so good oh yeah it sounds awesome
it's hard to like when you have it's
such a good script because like it's
hard not to let these characters just
take over like I've read that like I
have the book I've read the actual like
script and it it just it it's so good
I prefer the fashion trends in gen Z
Millennial fashion was constrict what is
Millennial fashion even uh my mom
about this a lot it's a lot of
gray uh beige grayish
um there's a millennial gray looking
bathroom inside a Mexican restaurant uh
do you remember that song
no oh it's a meme that I uh found and
tried to show it to everybody
um
yeah so it's just yeah there wasn't a
lot of color it was desaturated
the baggy clothing neutral colors I
remember in like junior high when I was
like 12 or 13. thing like when I got
when I was in high school it had
switched to like skinny jeans and stuff
I like skinny jeans
um stretchy jeans specifically because
I've got you know wide hips and I you
know need need help with accommodating
how much but I have but then hips
I mean comfortable for me now that I
don't have to like go to an office and
like put actual clothes on I just work
in my my gym shorts and a t-shirt
every day every day
I think seems for your video essay on
renting angels in America thank you for
watching it Aaron
I really appreciate it
Gen X had a lot of existential dread
between nuclear war and AIDS yeah
I mean Millennials had 911 and the war
on terror or nothing like these kind of
tragedies aren't really limited to us or
our generation and they're being
fabricated by a group of people who are
older than all of us and Rich yeah Rich
yeah Rich old Pricks yeah
my legs are pretty thick oh I had an
idea for a way to make underwear gay
again
yes because Andrew Christian is kind of
you know whatever straight people of
appropriate no straight men are wearing
Andrew Christian I was like I need to
stand up to sort of demonstrate whenever
I take self pictures of my butt it's
like okay like I got underwear but it's
kind of flat off like that so what I do
is I normally hold the camera with one
hand and kind of pull up the crotch a
little bit to give myself a bit of a
crack like what if underwear had
drawstrings here that went down the
seams there so that you pull the
drawstrings it tightens up this so it
pulls it up to there you tie it off and
that way it gives you a round shaped
butt why don't you like
I'm not even joking here why don't you
like do that like
even a rough version and like
you know see if you couldn't like
sell it because that that I would buy
that because that would like you know
hug your butt and like pull in the
fabric into the you know the part the
pack a little bit and give you more of a
butt yeah yeah yeah rather than just a
unit cheek a unit cheek
ah
can you even have the Andrew Christian
ball pouch except not quite as dramatic
because then there's a giant chunk of
fabrics no I think we need to start
focusing on butts instead of ball juice
yes agreed because it's like oh wow I
love the chat we're talking about butts
and like underwear and they're like oh
boobers and oh my God this is terrible
like yeah without a cone in there
somewhere
but yeah like make that kind of because
like jaws drop traps have also kind of
gone out I don't see them as much
so like I really only see them in porn
yeah so like
I generally think that like having
especially because like they're right
here you pull at it and then you tie
them off and then you get out of butt
yeah you gotta butt it's like a it's
like a butt bra yes yeah
yeah protect an adjustable protect lift
and separate
[Laughter]
thank you chicken nuggets
you actually inspired me to order some
chicken nuggets
I think women's underwear has something
similar but with stretch fabric to shape
the butt well that's why the seam would
only go as far as like the the gooch the
potato I've heard it called a gooch no
it's take the taint it would only go to
the taint so like between your legs it
was going to be something very
comfortable maybe a little bit higher
and you pull it and that way just put
crease tension on the fabric in the
middle
need to Workshop this a little bit what
if I could get Mo to try and design
early Concepts
yeah
I I legitimately am like it's a good
idea go for it
that's not a bad name for an underwear
brand so remember when I ordered those
underwear that have the butt pads
I don't but now I do
crap
I don't wear underwear but I want some
lace undies
I do have a thing for guys in lace
underwear
oh oh your camera's on battery exactly
exhausts bad
okay
James does have a butt but he thinks he
doesn't I don't have a butt because I
have back fat when the back fat is gone
I will have a butt because I have thighs
I have very thick thighs I'm starting to
notice a difference in a body since I
cut bread out yeah like on a 90 basis
but yeah
you can ever entirely
cut bread out carbs are in everything
yeah well bread you can like uh gluten
specifically but yeah like I have carb
free bread
but it's the gluten that's the problem
for me now again I'm wondering if the
food might not have
been maybe not okay no
James just stop here right here what
undress
have no butt maybe butt implants would
help
I don't know how carb free bread works
but you have to ask the scientists it
it's gross
unless you toast it if you toast it it
tastes just like normal toast but if you
just eat it as bread it's like
it has rubber it feels rubber I actually
had a cheat day and had some Red Lobster
cheddar biscuits today so yeah
can mostly go vegetarian but I can't cut
bread out
see I can't do vegetarian I like meat
too much I love bread so much at least
you froze on a flattering angle I think
yeah yeah yeah yeah not bad it's very uh
cover of a a movie about a journalist
guaranteed to win an oscar but no one's
heard of it
one will
vegan baked mac
tonight was our Big Mac
like mac and cheese
macaroni Royale with cheese
Royale with cheese
look at all those happy faces
little party faces
head out yeah I'm good to head out
because I'm my camera died yeah I
thought that's coming now and
and so we're gonna head out and play
some Splatoon and eat ice cream
um
and uh yeah hope everyone has an awesome
weekend I think this is like an extra
long weekend for most people because
it's Canada day tomorrow the 4th of July
and then the Fourth of July on Tuesday
or Wednesday I can't remember I think
it's Tuesday I think so yeah so it's
like a super long weekend
um to look it up Fourth of July is on
Tuesday if you have today is now Canada
day where we are it's 1203. if you have
yet to watch the latest video please do
and also the back catalog videos uh you
know just put them on on a loop you
don't have to listen to them just have
them on in the background while you do
your stuff
um
yeah and uh if you are a patron the
first episode of the
is it going in raw yeah we'll be coming
out sometime this week yeah after Fourth
of July yeah uh probably the day you're
all hungover and you can just listen to
us talk about stuff so yeah thank you
guys so much for hanging out thank you
for everyone who sent super chats we
really really appreciate them and I hope
you all have a great night night
bye bye